Skip to content The Speedwell Practice The Health Centre, 16 Torrington Park, N12 9SS | Tel: 020 8445 7587 Search this website Search Online Services Home Mission Statement Reception & Enquiries Health Information News Patient Participation Group (PPG) Contact Us English▼ Accurx: Accurx: Contact us online Our online consultations will be open 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Monday to Friday. Click here to read what happens after you submit your online consultation and how you can support us in making this process more efficient. Submit a new request The Speedwell Practice How to submit a medical query to your GP practice Check your Condition First Many conditions can be dealt with without the need to see your GP. You can try a local pharmacy for advice about a range of conditions and we also have lots of self help information. Please try this advice before contacting the Practice. Select one Abdominal pain/without diarrhoea (NEW) Anxiety (acute) Anxiety (Non Acute, not new) Asthma (annual review) Back Pain Back Pain (Severe) Bites and Stings Boils Breast Lump Breathing Pain (known disease – COPD/Asthma) Cervical Screening (Smear Test) Chickenpox Coil Fitting Cold Sores Cold/Flu (adult) Cold/Flu (Under 5s) Conjunctivitis > 1 YEAR old Constipation (Child) Contraception (General Advice) Contraception Emergency Contraceptive Implant (insertion or removal) Cough (acute, severe) Cough (chronic) Depression (new or review) Diabetes (acute problem) Diabetes (routine review) Diarrhoea (over 5 years) Diarrhoea and Vomiting Dizziness Dressing Drug Reaction Ear ache (child) Eczema Fainting Fatigue/Tired all the time Feeding problems (child) Fever Head lice Headache Hearing Reduction Indigestion Irritable Bowel Syndrome Joint Pain (red/hot/swollen) Knee Pain Medication Review Menstruation Problems Moles Mouth Problems Psychological Therapy Sexual Health Sinusitis Sore Throat Sore Throat (chronic) Urinary Tract Infection Vaccinations Please make a selection to reveal who’s best to deal with your condition. Patient Charter Local and NHS services The surgery works in partnership with local and NHS service providers and groups. Find a pharmacy Find urgent treatment centres Find an NHS dentist Find an urgent/minor eye services Find your NHS number Health A to Z Medicines A to Z Self-book Phlebotomy Clinic (Blood Test Appointments) Find other NHS services My Planned Care NHS Barnet Extended Access Hub GP Appointments Out of Hours and Emergencies Latest News 💉 Flu Vaccinations 2026/27 – Book Early 3rd September 2026 The NHS is urging millions of eligible people to book their flu vaccination ahead of this winter. The national booking […] read more about 💉 Flu Vaccinations 2026/27 – Book Early 🌡️ Storing Your Medication Safely in Hot and Cold Weather 7th July 2026 Temperature changes can affect how well your medication works, and in some cases, this can be harmful to your health. […] read more about 🌡️ Storing Your Medication Safely in Hot and Cold Weather Staying Safe in Hot Weather ☀️ 2nd June 2026 Hot weather can affect anyone, but some people are at higher risk, including older adults, babies and young children, pregnant […] read more about Staying Safe in Hot Weather ☀️ Next : View older posts Subscribe by email to our latest News! Your Feedback Complete our Friends & Family Test Read our Reviews & Leave Feedback Online Services You can use the NHS App to check your symptoms and get instant advice, book appointments, order repeat prescriptions, view your GP medical record and more. Get Started How to see NHS App Messages and Notifications You and Your General Practice The Speedwell Practice 16 Torrington Park, London, N12 9SS Get Directions 020 8445 7587 nclicb.patients.speedwell@nhs.net Phone lines are open from 8:00 am to 12:30 pm and 1:30 pm to 6:30 pm. The reception desk is open From 8:30 am to 6:30 pm. The Speedwell Practice CQC overall rating Good 20 June 2018 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Speedwell Practice 2026