Skip to content PHGH Doctors Temple Fortune Health Centre, 23 Temple Fortune Lane, NW11 7TE Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients Catchment Area Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. We are also registering patients resident in N2 & N3. To register with the surgery: Click on Register with a GP below to continue. Visit reception and collect a paper registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Catchment Area Register with a GP Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Disabled Access Disabled access facilities are located on the ground floor, you can enter the building via our ramp access. About Our Surgery Subscribe here to PHGH Latest News Vacancies Suggestions & Complaints Carers Advice Change Of Personal Details New Patients Accessing someone else’s information Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? PHGH Doctors Temple Fortune Health Centre, 23 Temple Fortune Lane, NW11 7TE Get Directions 020 8209 2400 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm PHGH Doctors CQC overall rating Good 13 January 2020 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, PHGH Doctors 2026