Skip to main content Cookies on the East Finchley Medical Practice website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies East Finchley Medical Practice Search Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Contact Us Home Join the surgery Join the surgery Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. To register fill out an online registration form visit reception and collect a paper registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Please note, proof of address and immigration status are not required to register with a GP Practice Boundary Postcode Search Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access, please collect a proxy access form or download one here. Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Page last reviewed: 06 May 2025 Page created: 29 August 2024 Support links Mission Statement You and Your General Practice Patient participation group Complaints and feedback GP earnings Surgery policies and procedures Privacy policy Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map Sign in 2026 Built by My Surgery Website