Skip to content Lichfield Grove Surgery 64 Lichfield Grove, Finchley Central, London, N3 2JP Search this website Search Online Services Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients Contents Practice Area Registration Forms Practice Area We are pleased to be welcoming new patients. All new patients who have an existing medical condition e.g. asthma diabetes etc or are aged 65 or over, will have to see the HealthCare Assistant for a new patient check. Patients should inform us in writing of their change of address and/or telephone number so that we can update our records. If you want to check if a prescription, letter sick note etc. has been done, or a result has been received, please ask a receptionist or register for online access and you will be able to see this information. Catchment Area Registration To register at the surgery we need you to follow the steps below: fill out an online registration form visit reception from 10:00am to 6:00pm to get a help with registering online When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. All patients are registered with the surgery but are allocated a named GP who is a partner of the surgery. Patients are not restricted to book appointments with their allocated GP and can book appointments with any GP in the team. Anyone in England can register with a GP surgery to access NHS services. Registration is free, and you do not need to provide proof of address, immigration status, ID, or an NHS number. However, providing your NHS number will help the surgery locate your medical records or transfer them from your current GP. In line with NHS guidance, a surgery can refuse to register you if you live outside their catchment area or if you have previously been removed from their surgery. Children under 16 need to be registered by their parent or guardian. You may also be asked to provide a form of ID to prove that you’re their parent or guardian. Forms You can register online using the New Patient Registration Online Form. New Patient Registration Form Online Register With A GP Surgery Paper Form If you are aged between 40-74 and have no pre-existing problems you might be eligible for a NHS Health check and will be sent an invitation. Please note- all forms need to be completed for your registration to be processed. Lichfield Grove Surgery 64 Lichfield Grove, Finchley Central, London, N3 2JP 0208 346 3123 Opening Hours Monday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Tuesday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Wednesday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Thursday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Friday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Saturday Closed Sunday Closed Lichfield Grove Surgery The provider of this service changed Rating from inspection with previous provider Good 9 September 2025 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Lichfield Grove Surgery 2026