Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Accept Deny View preferences Privacy Statement Skip to content Crown Street Surgery Search this website Search Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact Us Our Opening Times HomeNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration Register Now How to Register To register with our practice please complete the following 3 steps: 1. Catchment Area Check you are living within our catchment area, enter your postcode below and if you are within the area then proceed to step 2 or click the Register now button above. Crown Street Surgery also gives the option to register for people who are not living within our practice catchment area, please click here for more details. To register with our practice, please come into reception to get a form, or complete the registration form below. Alternatively you can register online, simply click the register online button below. 2. NHS Number Click the button below to check your NHS number. This is needed for your registration, you can register without it but the process may take a little longer. Find your NHS Number 3. Registration Form Click the button below to complete your online registration (you will need to do a separate form for each individual registering) Register Online Alternatively, please come to reception to complete the registration form if you cannot complete it online. Registrations can take up to 15 working days to be processed. You will receive a text message confirmation once you are registered with us. We invite all our new patients to see one of our practice nurses or our health care assistant. This appointment enables us to collect medical information before your medical records arrive. It is also the start of screening for other medical problems. Normally, you will need to complete a registration medical before seeing one of our GPs. Out of Area Registrations Overseas Visitors Temporary Residents Crown Street Surgery 2 Lombard Court, Crown Street, Acton, W3 8SA Phone: 020 8992 2010 Get Directions Veteran Friendly Practice Support links