Cookies on the North Kensington Medical Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies North Kensington Medical Centre Menu Home Opening Hours Services Health Advice News Contact Us Language Home New Patients New Patients Register as a New Patient Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery please follow the link below to complete the registration form. https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/E87003/gpregistration/landing You can also visit reception from 10am to 6pm and collect a paper registration form. When you register, it is helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Practice Boundary Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice. You will need to register as a temporary patient and can be seen if there is availability only but not as a walk-in. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Overseas Visitors For guidance on overseas visitors please visit the government website for further information. Your named GP The surgery provides all patients with a named GP who will have overall responsibility for the care and support that our surgery provides to them. We need to divide our patients evenly between both doctors so they can manage their workload. We know that some patients will wish their named GP to be a particular doctor. When a patient expresses a preference as to which doctor they have been assigned, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate this request. Your named GP will not be available at all times and so you may be offered an appointment with an alternative healthcare professional or locum GP. You do not need to take any further action and will be informed of your named GP in due course. In the meantime, if you wish to be told the name of your registered GP, please ask the receptionists when you are next in the surgery. Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access please visit the Practice with photo ID so we can confirm your identity. Change of Contact Details To update details like your name, address, phone numbers or email address: change your contact details on the NHS App phone or visit the surgery If you have moved to a new address, you will need to be in our catchment area to stay registered with our surgery. Changing your phone number or email address You will need to provide identification before your phone number or email address can be changed. Changing your date of birth or name You will need provide proof that you have changed your name or date of birth. This could be a marriage or civil partnership certificate, deed poll or birth certificate (requirement of Department of Health). Page last reviewed: 04 August 2025 Page created: 16 July 2020 Further Information Think Pharmacy First Friends and Family Test You and Your General Practice Find Your NHS Number Vaccinations Services Near Me Access Patient Record Care Quality Commission GP Earnings Practice Newsletters Primary Care Network Practice Charter Practice Policies GDPR Privacy Notice PPG AI use Connect With Us Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map