We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Customize Reject All Accept All Home Register Appointments Prescriptions Services About Us Contact us Registering with the surgery Confirm your address is in the boundary and complete our registration form to join the surgery We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area. Pimlico Health @ The Marven is a local doctors, and we are more than happy to serve our local patients and our not so local, we will gladly register patients from the following areas: Pimlico Victoria Westminster Belgravia Sloane Square How to Register: Please click the links below to complete your online registration form. Alternatively, please print off ALL of the registration pack(s) below, completing it fully prior to arrival at the surgery Option 1- Register online We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with us. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. Register via NHS portal Go For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS website. Option 2- Download registration form Please download and print the following form and bring the completed document to the surgery. Download PRF1 Go IMPORTANT NOTE: We require the following documentation in order to process your registration: NHS PRF1 Form For children’s registrations only (less than 16 years of age) front page of Red Book – copies of all immunisations to date. IMPORTANT NOTE As a practice we can only register children under the age of 16 years, if the parent/guardian is registered or registering here at the same time. The children need to reside at the same address as the parent/guardian registering them. Before you register please ensure you have 1 months supply of medication from your current GP practice. Once registered please book a new patient medication review to ensure continuity of medication. Address 46-50 Lupus Street Westminster Greater London SW1V 3EB Contact 020 7834 6969 pimlico.marven@nhs.net Out of hours: 111 © 2024 PimlicoHealth Centre Privacy Policy Accessibility Website developed by Apotek Analytics Ltd. EN