We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Customize Reject All Accept All NHS Lisson Grove Health Centre Home Register Prescriptions Appointments Services About Us Contact us Registering with the surgery Confirm your address is in the boundary and complete our registration form to join the surgery How to register We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area. You can download our registration policy here. Online registration Go Practice boundary area If you do not live within the boundary you may be eligible to be an Out of Area (OOA) patient – If you live within our catchment area you can register as normal. Check Postcode Lisson Grove Health Centre Medical Practice × + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap While registered at our Practice we request that all patients keep their contact details up to date. This will enable us to contact you about any reviews you need to attend, vaccinations that you may be due and to help us reach you should we need to follow anything up with you. Contact us to update your details. If you do move away from the Practice area it may be that we advise you to register with a GP closer to your new home address. Access to healthcare services is very important and we want you to be able to access the care you need as easily as possible. If you are planning on leaving the UK please inform us. If you are out of the UK for 3 months or longer with no return date we may remove you from the register. Please note, parents registering children will be contacted by the surgery after registering to confirm their vaccination status. If you complete the registration form and are not living in our catchment area, we will review your request and will be in touch. Assignment to an accountable GP An accountable GP will be assigned to all patients when registering. However, you can express a preference about the GP assigned to you when you register. Please contact us via lissongrovehc@nhs.net to state your preferred GP. Address Lisson Grove Health Centre, Gateforth Street, London, NW8 8EG Contact 020 3370 1940 lissongrovehc@nhs.net Out of hours: 111 Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Saturdays & Sundays: closed NHS Lisson Grove Health Centre © 2024 Lisson Grove Health Centre Privacy Policy Accessibility Website developed by Apotek Analytics Ltd. EN Your Voice Matters to Us We’re always looking for ways to improve your care and how you access our services. Please take five minutes to complete our feedback form. Start the survey ×