Skip to content Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration Enter your postcode below to see if you are in the practice’s catchment area. Please note we do accept out of area registrations, but it can affect the NHS services that you can access including: home visits and specialist mental health services Ask your GP to explain any alternative arrangements for these services when you register. Catchment Area We are open to new NHS patient registrations and welcome you to join us at Health Partners at Violet Melchett. There is no need to print any documents to register with the practice. Registrations are processed by NHS England and take up to 48 hours to complete. If you are unable to register online, please visit the practice for the paper registration forms. Click here to complete a New patient registration form Online registration takes about 15 min, and all details are verified by NHS England. There is no need to complete a paper copy of the GMS1 form to register. Once your registration is complete by the practice you will receive online services registration confirmation via SMS, please ensure the mobile number your provide is current and active. When registering at the practice please enter fully: Current UK telephone number Location of country of birth NHS number to track registration-bring with you your old nhs number available from previous gp If you left country and re-entered and the date of this Previous GP practice and previous home address Please provide to the surgery Proof of Address & Identification Acceptable forms of Identification Proof of Address – such as a Phone / Utility bill, Tenancy agreement within the last 3 months Photo ID containing your name such as Passport, Birth certificate, Drivers License We request all new patients over the aged of 18 patients to make a routine new patient health check appointment with our HCA. About Our Surgery Common Admin Enquiries Primary Care Networks Surgery Opening Hours Patient Participation Group New Patient Registration Non-English Speakers Online Forms Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? 30 Flood Walk, London, SW3 5RR Get Directions 020 7460 2222 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm The Redcliffe Surgery CQC overall rating Good 7 March 2019 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Health Partners at Violet Melchett 2026