We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Customize Reject All Accept All NHS Home Register Appointments Prescriptions Services About Us Contact us Registering with the surgery We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area. The practice also currently offers out of area registration to Adults living or working in the Tri-borough area of Westminster, Kensington & Chelsea and Hammersmith and Fulham if you are happy to agree to the terms of an out of area registration. However, if you have children under 16, please note that we only accept out of area registration for those living in the Tri-borough area which is Westminster, Kensington and Chelsea and Hammersmith and Fulham. If you would like to be an out of area patient, please submit the out of area agreement form in addition to the registration forms. Check Postcode Belgravia Surgery × + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap How to register Before you start Providing your NHS number will help us process your application faster however, if you don’t have or know it, you will stillbe able to register with us. To ensure that all your previous medical records are transfer to our practice, it is very important that you provide details of your previous GP Practice and the home address you were registered with the GP. Children under the age of 16 must be registered at the same practice as a parent/guardian Register We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with us: Register with Belgravia Surgery The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. If you are an out of area patient, once you submitted your application, please send us Out-of-Area Registration Agreement Form to our practice email at: nhsnwl.belgraviasurgery@nhs.net Out-of-Area-Registration Agreement Form Paper forms are still available if you need one. GMS1 Belgravia-New-Patient-Registration-Form-Adult-16-and-over-July-2023-version Child (Under 16) New Patient Registration Questionnaire (Children under the age of 16 must be registered at the same practice as a parent/guardian) * If information is missing from your forms, we will not be able to register you at the practice. **If you are registering a child under 10, please provide a copy of their vaccination history. Next steps Once completed the forms, please send please send us 1 form of photo ID and proof of address to nhsnwl.belgraviasurgery@nhs.net Acceptable identification includes: • Passport • Birth Certificate • HC2 Certificate • Hostel Registration/mail forwarding letter. Until we have seen your identification you will not be registered at the practice. For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS website. Address 24-26 Eccleston Street, London, SW1W 9PY Contact 020 7590 8000 nhsnwl.belgraviasurgery@nhs.net Out of hours: 111 Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8:00 – 18:30 Saturdays & Sundays: closed NHS © 2024 The BelgraviaSurgery Privacy Policy Accessibility Website developed by Apotek Analytics Ltd. EN