Skip to content Earls Court Medical Centre Our aim is to provide the best standards of care for our patients within the NHS. Search this website Search Online Services Home Think Pharmacy First Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients Download the NHS App today! Using the NHS app, you can order repeat prescriptions, view your medical record, check your test results, manage appointments, and access your NHS number – all from your smartphone or tablet. The NHS App helps you take greater control of your healthcare, reduces the need to contact the practice for routine requests, and makes accessing our services faster and more convenient. Not signed up yet? Download the NHS App today from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, or visit www.nhs.uk/nhs-app to find out more. New Patients We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with Earls Court Medical Centre. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. The practice provides Out of Area Registrations that do not live in the locality. However, registrations will be reviewed by a Senior clinician to assess suitability for OOA registrations. We require a UK phone number and address. Book appointment Change of address/contact details Map Temporary Patient Registrations Non-English Speakers Find Your NHS Number Earls Court Medical Centre 248 Earls Court Road, London, SW5 9AD Get Directions 02078351455 WLCCG.earlscourtmc@nhs.net Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm NHS North West London ICB 15 Marylebone Road, London, NW1-5JD Get Directions 020 3350 4000 nhsnwl.westlondon@nhs.net Earls Court Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 22 September 2021 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Earls Court Medical Centre 2026