We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Customize Reject All Accept All The Mayfair Medical Centre NHS Home Appointments Prescriptions Register Services About Us Contact us Register The practice provides primary care services to people living within the catchment area shown on the map below, which has been approved by the NHS. We only register patients who are living within the catchment area (W1) If you move to a new address outside the catchment area, you will need to register at a GP local to your new address within a month of moving out of the catchment area. Check Postcode + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap You do not need your NHS number, but it could make registration easier. We may ask you for: details of previous GP surgery basic health and medical information The information you provide will be used to identify the correct medical records. It will also help the GP surgery to offer relevant and appropriate healthcare services. Option-1: Online We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with this GP surgery. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. Register via NHS Go Option-2: Post or email registration* Complete both forms (GMS1 and New Patient Health Questionnaire) and have the relevant documents required: GMS1 registration form And the health questionnaire form for: Child or Adult *To register, you need to come personally to the surgery with a proof of address and one form of identification. Acceptable identification and proof of address Identification includes: Passport Driving License Birth Certificate HC2 Certificate Hostel Registration/mail forwarding letter. Proof of address includes (dated within 2 months prior to registration): Property Tax Receipt Utility Bill Lease Agreement Insurance Card Voter Registration Card College Enrollment Papers You will need to complete a registration form for each person registering with the Practice. Temporary Residents If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Named GP for all Patients From April 2015 all GP practices are required to provide all their patients with a named GP who will have overall responsibility for the care and support that our surgery provides to them. How long does it take to register? It takes around 15 minutes to complete a registration. You need to complete the process in one session. If you are registering more than one person make sure to give yourself enough time. Your chosen GP surgery should register you within 5 days of receiving your details. Address 3-5 Weighhouse Street, London, W1K 5LS Contact 020 7493 1647 mayfair.medicalcentre@nhs.net Out of hours: 111 Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8:00 – 18:30 Saturdays & Sundays: closed The Mayfair Medical Centre NHS © 2024 The Mayfair Medical CentreGP Practice in London Privacy Policy Accessibility Website developed by Apotek Analytics Ltd. EN Your Voice Matters to Us We’re always looking for ways to improve your care and how you access our services. Please take five minutes to complete our feedback form. Start the survey ×