Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Quick search OPENING TIMES ONLINE SERVICES HOW DO I...? NEWS & EVENTS CONTACT US HOME JOIN THE PRACTICE Register with us as a New Patient BACK TO MAIN INDEX New Patient Registration Registration forms can be obtained from reception or alternatively, you can complete our online registration form. The patient will be assessed by the doctor and practice manager. Once registered with the surgery the patient will require a New Patient Health Check, which will involve taking the patients height, weight, smoking status, family history, etc. We are currently registering from the following districts: W1, W2, WC2, SW1, SW3, SW4, SW5, SW6, SW7, SW8, SW10, N1, NW1. Please note if you are from outside this area, we can still register you however we will not be able to do home visits. Register Online Change of Name, Address or Telephone Number It is compulsory on the part of the patient to inform the receptionist of any changes to name, address or telephone numbers as soon as possible. If for any reason we need to contact you in an emergency, it is essential that we have this information. If letters go to the wrong address the surgery will not be held responsible. Update Your Details Online Text Message Reminders You can now register to receive information by text message on your phone regarding appointments and health care. If you wish to register for this messaging service please fill out the consent form. New Data Protection Regulations from May 2018 (GDPR) Under the new data protection regulations introduced from 25th May 2018, we will continue to contact patients via text messages regarding the delivery of care if they have provided consent to do so. If practices are sending messages about recommended treatment for the management of a specific health issue, then this is defined as providing appropriate care for patients, not marketing purposes. If you would like ot opt out of any future contact via text messaging, then please complete the form and indicate in the marked section. Temporary Registration We are always happy to see any relatives or friends staying with you if they need a doctor or nurse. They will need to fill out a short form for the information to be returned to their own doctor. Please arrive 10 minutes before your appointment to allow time for completion of the necessary forms. If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Download the Temporary Registration Form Your Named GP The surgery provides all patients with a named GP who will have overall responsibility for the care and support that our surgery provides to them. We need to divide our patients evenly between all of our doctors, so they can manage their workload. Therefore to do this fairly and impartially, we have selected patients by surname to match to a doctor. We know that some patients will wish their named GP to be a particular doctor. Where a patient expresses a preference as to which doctor they have been assigned, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate this request, but we would like to reassure patients that this system does not prevent you from seeing any GP in the practice as you currently do. Your named GP will not be available at all times. You do not need to take any further action and will be informed of your named GP in due course. In the meantime, if you wish to be told the name of your accountable GP, please ask the receptionists when you are next in the surgery. CONTACT DETAILS Brompton Medical Centre 237 Old Brompton Road London SW5 0EA Telephone: 020 7373 4102 PRACTICE POLICIES Find out more about our policies and procedures READ OUR POLICIES Terms of Use Disclaimer Accessibility Statement Website Privacy Statement Cookies Site Map © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists 2026 YES NO