NHS Marylebone Health Centre Home Register Appointments Prescriptions Services About Us Patient Partnership Group Contact us Registering with the surgery Confirm your address is in the boundary and complete our registration form to join the surgery We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area. Please our map tool to check that your address is within the catchment area Check Postcode Marylebone Health Centre × + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Out of Area Registration (OOA) We do accept requests from patients to register with us who live outside the practice boundary area or from patients who are registered and move out of the area and wish to remain registered. We can consider these requests if patients are aged 18-60 years old and work or study in the area, do not have any dependents under 18 years old, not pregnant, and are not on our frailty register or have a high clinical need which may require care from a community provider. OOA registration must be safe and not restrict access to services, which can be the case with some community services such as mental health services, which are borough based. Should this be the case you may be asked to register closer to home. We are sorry that we cannot provide home visits to any patients living outside our boundary area. How to Register Please use the link to NHS registration service for Marylebone Health Centre to register. If you are registering anyone 18 or under we require a copy of a birth/adoption/guardianship certificate. We also ask that you provide us with the latest details of their vaccinations, including ones given privately/abroad. We will contact you if there is any further information we need. NHS GP Registration Form If you are unwell and need to speak to a GP call us once your form has been submitted. Alternatively, you can download registration forms here and submit completed forms via email or bring the hardcopy to the practice: GMS1 form (all patients) Adult questionnaire Under 16 health questionnaire Address 17a Marylebone Road, Basement of St Marylebone Parish Church London, NW1 5LT Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8:00am to 6:30pm Saturdays: Closed Sundays: Closed Contact 020 7935 6328 CLCCG.PPG@nhs.net Out of hours: 111 NHS Marylebone Health Centre © 2025 – Marylebone Health Centre Policies Privacy Policy Accessibility Website developed by Apotek Analytics Ltd. EN Your Voice Matters to Us We’re always looking for ways to improve your care and how you access our services. Please take five minutes to complete our feedback form. Start the survey ×