Skip to content Knightsbridge Medical Centre at 71-75 Pavilion Road, London, SW1X 0ET | Tel: 0203 961 5260 Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area. If you have any query please do not hesitate to contact us on 020 3961 5260. If you are outside the area it means we cant register you, but you can find further information here about where you may be able to register. Catchment Area How to Register We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with Knightsbridge Medical Centre. Just fill in this https://reg.ht1.uk/register-with-gp/E87738 to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Paper forms are still available if you need one. We will then ask you to make an appointment to see our Healthcare Assistant for a New Patient Health check. This will make sure that our records are accurate and all routine checks to promote your health and wellbeing (such as blood pressure/smear tests/mammograms) are up-to-date. Bringing your Medical Card (NHS Number) will speed up the process of obtaining your records from your previous practice. Once you have been accepted as a patient your medical records will be transferred to us. For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS website below: Click here for further information on Registering with your GP Registering for Online Services You can use the Internet to book and cancel an appointment with a GP, request repeat prescriptions and view aspects of your medical record online. A New Patient Registration can be arranged with our Registration Team. Registrations between 10:00am and 15:00pm Monday to Thursday ONLY between these times. By registering for the online services you will be able to complete a variety of different tasks online rather than having to come in to the practice: Book an appointment View past and future appointments Order recent and regular repeat medications View your summary care records Access test results About Our Surgery New Patient Registration Temporary Registration Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Knightsbridge Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 5 February 2020 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Knightsbridge Medical Centre 2026