Skip to content Search this website Search Online Services Home Book an Appointment Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryJoin our Practice Join our Practice Quote / Testimonial: We welcome new patients who live within our practice area to register with us. Please view the practice boundary below. Catchment Area Register as a New Patient We register between 30-50 new patients every week and our patient list are open to all people living within the published practice area (N19 post code). Call in at reception to fill out the NHS Registration (GMS1) Form and New Patient Questionnaire or by using the online registration link below. If you live in N6, N8, N4 or N7 and your borough is in Islington or Haringey – we may also accept your registration, but we will not be able to provide home visits to these areas. (Over 16’s only). You will need to complete a disclaimer on the registering online tab if outside N19. You may also be given some other short forms to complete when you come to register. Your medical records could take up to 3 months to arrive, or you may not have had any previous medical history in this country. It is therefore very important that we gather as much information from you as possible when you join the practice. Register at the Practice Temporary Patient Registration If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. About Our Surgery Keep your GP registration up to date Primary Care Network Patient Participation Group Sustainability Feedback and Complaints Join our Practice Accessing someone else’s information Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? St John's Way Medical Centre 96 St Johns Way, Archway, London, N19 3RN Get Directions 020 7272 1585 sjwpatient.enquiries@nhs.net Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm St Johns Way Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 2 March 2017 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, St. Johns Way Medical Centre 2026