Skip to content Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Services Help and Support About Us Contact Us HomeServicesRegister with this Practice Register with this Practice To register with the surgery fill out an online registration form or download and complete the forms visit reception during surgery hours and collect a paper registration form we may require evidence of identity to provide certain services (refer to registration policy regarding ID) Catchment area We are happy to accept new patients who are ordinarily resident in the UK and living within our practice boundary. See if you live within our practice boundary by using the interactive map and postcode checker. Not in our catchment area? Find a GP in your area Register online We are using an NHS online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with this GP surgery. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It reduces our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Paper forms are still available if you need one. Register at our GP surgery Register with a paper form Would you rather register with a paper form? Download, print, complete and deliver to the practice in person. Register with a GP Surgery (PRF1 form) DOWNLOAD Forms in alternative formats As part of our efforts in ensuring registration forms are accessible to people who have a sensory impairment we have large format and easy-read formats below. In addition please let our staff know of any information or communication needs you may upon your visit to the practice. Large print pre-registration form DOWNLOAD Large print health questionnaire DOWNLOAD Easy read health questionnaire DOWNLOAD We may require proof of your ID and address to provide certain services. You and Your General Practice is a national guide on what you can expect from your GP surgery. It also explains what you can do to get the best from the NHS. Named accountable GP Find your NHS number The National Care Record Service (NCRS) If you leave the UK for more than 3 months Homeless people Organ Donation Register as a temporary resident Prince Of Wales Group Practice 52 Prince of Wales Road London NW5 3LN Get Directions 020 7267 0067 See the Report Accessibility Cookie Policy Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Policy Designed by GenPra—Websites for GP Practices. Admin dashboard