Skip to content Northern Medical Centre Northern Medical Centre, Holloway Community Health Centre, 11 Hornsey St, London, N7 8GG Search this website Search Home Appointments New Patients Prescriptions Our Practice Clinics and Services News Contact us HomeNeed a doctor? New patients are welcome now Need a doctor? New patients are welcome now Receive high-quality care from a team you can trust. Whether you need ongoing support, same-day appointments, or urgent temporary registration, we’re here for you. Register online in minutes or visit us Monday–Friday at reception. Register now Northern Medical Centre is accepting new patients If you live within our practice area, you can register online in just a few minutes. Once you submit your details, our team will process your registration and help you access the care and services you need. Why patients choose us: 95% of patients rate the practice as very good or good Friendly, caring and professional healthcare team Convenient online services, including the NHS App and online consultations Wide range of healthcare services and clinics available Committed to providing high-quality, patient-centred care “Easy way to contact GP instead of waiting in the line on a phone call” “I was able to put the full details in and got seen the same day in all cases” “Easy to use, seems easier for practice to understand what exactly is requested and direct help to the right person.” Read more reviews and performance information You do not need proof of address, proof of immigration status, identification, or an NHS number to register with a GP practice. If you know your NHS number, it can help us locate your medical records more quickly, but you can still register without it. Meet our fabulous team Read about our team Temporary registration If you’re ill while away from home or not registered with a GP, you can get emergency treatment from a local GP for up to 14 days. After that, you’ll need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be a temporary patient for up to 3 months. This lets you use a local GP while staying registered with your usual one. After 3 months, you must either register again or become a permanent patient at that practice. To register, contact the GP practice you want to visit. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the same area where you’re already registered. Temporary Registration Form Non-English speaker These fact sheets explain how the UK health system works, especially the NHS (National Health Service), for people who have recently arrived and are seeking asylum. They include: What GPs do and their role in accessing other health services How to register with a GP How to get emergency care The information is written in clear, simple language and has been tested with user groups to make sure it’s easy to understand. The Northern Medical Centre Holloway Community Health Centre, 11 Hornsey St, London N7 8GG Get Directions 0203 817 3975 nclicb.northernmc@nhs.net Opening Hours Monday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Tuesday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Wednesday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Thursday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Friday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Saturday Closed Sunday Closed CQC regulates Islington GP Group Limited to provide care at The Northern Medical Centre We haven't inspected this service yet We checked this service was likely to be safe, effective, caring, responsive and well-led during registration. See registration details English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Northern Medical Centre 2026