Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings The Miller Practice Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Register with the practice as a new patient We accept patients from anywhere in Islington If you live anywhere in Islington, you can register with The Miller Practice as an out-of-area patient. You will have full access to our GP services, including appointments, referrals, prescriptions and online services. Please use the boundary map on this page to check if you are eligible as an out-of-area patient. Please note that we cannot provide home visits for out-of-area patients. If a home visit is needed, NHS England will arrange appropriate local support for you. Register Online Check you live within the boundary area To access our standard registration process, please check whether you live within our catchment area. If you have any questions about your eligibility to join the surgery, please contact us. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home, or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for up to 14 days. After 14 days, you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This allows you to be seen by the local practice while remaining registered with your permanent GP. After three months, you will need to re-register as a temporary patient or register permanently with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply complete our secure online form. Practices are not obliged to accept temporary patients, but they must provide emergency care. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the area where you are already permanently registered. See further information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All patients registered with the surgery are allocated a named, accountable GP responsible for your overall care. You may book appointments with any GP in the practice. If you have a preferred GP, we will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request. If you would like to know who your allocated GP is, please ask reception at your next visit. Providing NHS Services The Miller Practice 49 Highbury New Park Islington London N5 2ET Telephone: 020 7354 1972 The Practice Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Complaints & Feedback You And Your General Practice Quick Links Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Our Services The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright -->