Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Goodinge Group Practice NHS GP Surgery in London Search the Goodinge Group Practice website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Translate this website Home Managing your health Register with the surgery If you live in Islington, you are eligible to register as a new patient at our practice. If you are housebound and require home visits, kindly refer to the housebound information below to confirm whether your postcode falls within our catchment area for home visits before registering. Register with our practice today to access all our services When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Housebound If you are housebound and require home visits, please check if you’re within our home visit catchment by entering your postcode below. This will help determine if we can provide home visits to your location. Enter your postcode Search Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Temporarily register with our practice If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive treatment from your local GP practice. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months, allowing you to be on our practice list while remaining a patient of your permanent GP. If you wish to remain registered after three months, you will need to re-register permanently. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Temporarily registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Related information Named GP Safe surgery Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 20 June 2025 The Goodinge Health Centre 20 North Road London N7 9EW Get directions 020 7619 6670 Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice The Goodinge Group Practice CQC overall rating Good 16 November 2017 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies