Cookies on the Kingsmead Healthcare website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Kingsmead Healthcare CQC Rating: Good Menu 4 Kingsmead Way, Homerton, London, E9 5QG - Telephone: 0208 985 1930 Home News Our Staff Services Contact Us Language Home Join the Practice Join the Practice Catchment Area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: fill out an online registration form visit reception and collect a paper registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. We may also request one form of photographic ID in order to facilitate your registration to use Online Services. This is not used for any other purpose. We encourage all patients, new and already registered, to sign up for online services. If you do not wish to register for these services, then you do not need to provide any pictorial form of identification. There can be a very small number of instances where we may decline your request for registration such as your home address not being in our core area. This reason will be explained to you and we assure you that it will not be related to race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation, appearance, disability or medical condition. Practice Boundary Check Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Terms Report a map error NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION FORM NEW PATIENT QUESTIONNAIRE Temporary Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access: collect a proxy access form from reception Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Page last reviewed: 17 September 2025 Page created: 12 February 2024 Further Information CCTV Newsletter: Together Better at Kingsmead You and Your General Practice Health Spot City and Hackney Accessibility statement RNID Practice Policies GP Earnings Patient Participation Group Feedback & Complaints Privacy Notice Statement of Purpose Safe Surgeries Find a Pharmacy Find a GP Childrens Services Starlight Find NHS Number Book a Covid Vaccination The Kingsmead Beat Healthwatch Hackney A Patient Guide to Self-Care Yellow Fever Centre Complaints Procedure Patient Access Clinical Research & Confidentiality Rights & Responsibilities Kingsmead Registration Information Needed Data Choices Carers Direct & Carers UK Miscellaneous Information Have Your Say: Practice Policies and Guidance Practice Leaflet, Statement Of Purpose & Privacy Notice Summary Care Record & Freedom of Information Act Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map