Cookies on the Barton House Group Practice website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Barton House Group Practice Language Search Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Contact us Home Register as New Patient Register as New Patient Information: Register as a new patient You can register online in a few minutes using our quick and easy form. Register online now Find your NHS number - NHS No ID or proof of address required If you prefer, you can use the NHS registration service below. https://www.nhs.uk/service-search/find-a-gp/ Check if you are in our catchment area Use the map below to confirm your postcode is covered Please refer to the map on the left to see if you live in our practice area which is inside the pink borders. Click on the image to enlarge the map or open in Google Maps. You can register with the Practice if your address falls within our practice area. Your postcide is covered by the map on the left We will normally accept any patient living within our practice area onto our list. Moving Abroad and Your NHS Healthcare If you’re planning to move abroad permanently, or you’ll be living outside the UK for more than 3 months, you’ll usually no longer be entitled to free NHS healthcare. This is because the NHS is a residence-based healthcare system, which means you need to be ordinarily living in the UK to receive medical treatment under normal NHS rules. Patients who move out of the area If you move out of our area, we will ask you to re-register with a more local doctor. This is so that you do not miss out from receiving essential NHS services, and local Community Services will not be open to you. In exceptional circumstances, we reserve the right to remove any patient from our list. Out of Area Without Home Visits 1 Out of Area Registrations - New Patient Information.docxNew arrangements mean GP practices now have the option to register patients who live outside the practice area but without any obligation to provide home visits. Out of area registration (with or without home visits) is voluntary for GP practices meaning patients may be refused because they live out of area. Please sign and return this document:- along with the online registration form found above where it says Register at our GP Practice. If your application is considered, the GP practice will only register you without home visits if it is clinically appropriate and practical in your individual case. To do this we may: Ask you or the practice you are currently registered with questions about your health to help decide whether to register you in this way. Page last reviewed: 21 August 2026 Page created: 01 March 2022 Support links You and Your General Practice GP Connect Privacy statement Privacy Notice GP Earnings Patient Participation Group Clissold Park Primary Care Network (PCN) Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map Sign in 2026 Built by My Surgery Website