Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings The Well Street Surgery Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Register with the practice as a new patient How to Register Complete a New Patient Registration Form If you live within the boundary area, please complete our new patient registration. If you have any questions about your eligibility to join this surgery, please contact us. We do not discriminate on grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation or disability. You will not be asked for proof of address, immigration status or identity. Proof of identity is needed if you want to have online access to your records. If you have complex health problems, we may ask you to visit us for a registration health check. When you register, it's helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Register at our GP Practice Check you live in the boundary area Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. See further information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. Providing NHS Services CONTACT The Well Street Surgery 28 Shore Road London E9 7TA Telephone: 020 8985 2050 THE PRACTICE Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Complaints & Feedback You and Your General Practice QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Our Services Well Street Surgery CQC overall rating Requires improvement 28 June 2026 See the report © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO