Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Facebook Twitter Instagram About Us New Patients Appointments Medicines News, Calendar & Events Translate HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration We are pleased to welcome new patients to Richmond Road Medical Centre. All new patients are guaranteed to be seen within 24 hours of registration through our exclusive Same Day Access Scheme. Once your registration has been confirmed, simply contact our team and quote SAME DAY ACCESS to book your first appointment without delay. We look forward to welcoming you to Richmond Road Medical Centre! How to register Our patient registration policy does not discriminate on the grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation or appearance, disability or medical condition. 1 Register Online Register at the practice by completing our pre-registration form online 2 Book a New Patient Health Check Once registered, the practice will contact you to book an appointment for a new patient health check. 3 Book an appointment Once you receive your registration confirmation, please call us to book an appointment if required. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. The NHS App Richmond Road Medical Centre would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services Richmond Road Medical Centre 136 Richmond Road London E8 3HN Telephone: 020 7254 2298 COMPANY About Us GP Net Earnings Awards Jobs LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Practice Policies Patient Charter QUICK LINKS About Us New Patients Appointments Medicines Services FOLLOW US Facebook X Instagram © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Facebook Twitter Instagram YES NO