This website uses cookies This Cookie Policy explains how Cedar Practice ("Company," "we," "us," and "our") uses cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our website at https://www.cedarpractice.co.uk ("Website"). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them. In some cases we may use cookies to collect personal information, or that becomes personal information if we combine it with other information. Customize Reject All Accept All Skip to content Appointments Register with Us New Patients Patients who live in our practice area may register with us either in person or online. If you wish to register online please fill in the New Patient Registration Form. When you have completed all of the details, click on the “Send” button to email your form to us. Please ensure that you provide ALL of the requested information (including your NHS Number and any previous addresses, if any) as absence of this information will delay your registration. Once your registration has been processed, you will receive a text message to confirm that you are registered and you will be invited to book a New Patient Health Check. It is important to attend this appointment so we have an understanding of your medical history, as it can take a considerable amount of time for us to receive your medical records. REGISTER ONLINE Practice Area Registration Requirements Named Accountable GP Appointments How to See a Doctor or other Healthcare Professional We offer a variety of appointments, including face-to-face appointments, telephone appointments and online consultations. These appointments can be made up to 4 weeks in advance. You can make appointments in the following ways: Online You can make appointments using the NHS App. With this platform, you can book appointments online at home, work or on the move — wherever you can connect to the internet. Because this is a 24-hour online service you can do this in your own time, day or night, without having to speak to a member of staff. To use the NHS App, please click the link below and follow the instructions on the website to set up your account. You will need to prove your identity using photo ID. You should be able to do this by following the instructions on the website. If you are unable to do this because you do not have photo ID, you may need to obtain a PIN document from us. To request this from us, please fill in our Online Services Access Request Form. Once your request is processed, you will receive a text advising you how to collect the details you need to complete the set-up of your account. BOOK APPOINTMENTS USING THE NHS APP By telephone Please telephone 020 8036 6388 – please be mindful that our reception team experience a high volume of calls throughout the day especially at 8 am. We kindly ask for your patience around these times. Using Patient Triage You can also submit clinical and non-clinical queries to the practice using Patient Triage. GPs will review and respond to an Online Consultation request within 48 hours Monday – Friday, either via text or telephone call. About General Practice Morning And Afternoon Surgery Hours Urgent Medical Problems - Duty Doctor Service Evening And Weekend Appointments Appointment Cancellations & Lateness Home Visits Test Results Chaperones Non-English Speakers And Interpreting Service Accessibility Information Practice Policies Feedback & Complaints CQC Compliance and Assessment Reports When We Are Closed Contact Us Cedar Practice, John Scott Health Centre, Green Lanes, Hackney, London, N4 2NU 020 8036 6388 Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Accessibility © Cedar Practice 2026 Go to Top