Skip to main content Cookies on the The Limehouse Practice website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies The Limehouse Practice CQC Rating: Good Menu Home About Us Online Services Our Staff Home Join the Practice Join the Practice Catchment Area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: fill out an online registration form visit reception and collect a paper registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. The practice does not discriminate on the grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation or appearance, disability or medical condition. All are welcome, your nationality or immigration status do not affect your right to register with us. Practice Boundary Check Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Temporary Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access: collect a proxy access form from reception Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Page last reviewed: 28 February 2025 Page created: 28 February 2025 Further Information You and Your General Practice LGBTQ + Practice Policies GP Earnings Patient Participation Group Feedback & Complaints Privacy Notice Young People Private Health Insurance and Referrals Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map