St Katharine Docks Practice Clinics & Services Practice info Self-help Online Services News Tel: 020 7488 3653 | Map Register Now St Katharine Docks Practice Clinics & Services Practice info Self-help Online Services News New patient registration Local residents can fill in this form to register at the practice If you do not live within our practice boundary please visit www.nhs.uk, for more information about how to find a GP or Dentist. If you have an urgent medical problem which needs urgent attention please dial 111 service. If you’re unsure, please view our Location Map. What happens to the information I provide in this form? To find out about how we handle your data, please read our Privacy Policy. Welcome to St Katharine Docks Practice Thank you for choosing St.Katharine Docks Practice. We are committed to providing high-quality, safe and compassionate healthcare for our patients. Whether you are new to the area or registering with a GP for the first time, we aim to make joining our practice as simple and convenient as possible. Register with Our Practice We welcome new patients who live within our practice boundary. Register Online We currently use the NHS online registration service for all new patient registrations. 👉 Register online here: https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F84731 The NHS online registration service is secure, easy to use and allows patients to complete their registration without visiting the practice. Before You Register You will be asked to provide information that will help us process your registration, including: Personal details Contact information Previous GP details (if known) Medical information relevant to your care You do not need an NHS number to register. New Patient Health Check Following registration, new patients may be invited to attend a New Patient Health Check with a member of our clinical team. This appointment helps us: Review your health needs Update important medical information Discuss any existing conditions Ensure your medical records are accurate Our registration policy includes inviting new patients to attend a health check after joining the practice. Patients Without a Fixed Address Patients who are homeless or do not have a permanent address are welcome to contact us regarding registration. Lack of identification, proof of address or an NHS number should not prevent someone from registering with a GP. We are happy to discuss individual circumstances and provide advice about the registration process. NHS App We strongly encourage all patients to use the NHS App. The NHS App allows you to: Order repeat prescriptions View test results Access parts of your medical record Check appointments Access NHS services online Get the NHS App https://www.nhs.uk/nhs-app/ The NHS App is one of the main online services promoted by the practice. Online Access to Your Medical Record Online access helps you manage your healthcare more conveniently. You may be able to view: Medications Allergies Vaccinations Test results Parts of your GP medical record Available services include: https://www.nhs.uk/nhs-app/ Patient Access Your Named GP All registered patients are allocated a named GP who has overall responsibility for coordinating their care. Our GP Partners are: Dr Sarit Patel Dr Monika Jha You remain free to request appointments with any available clinician within the practice. If you would like to know who your named GP is, please ask reception. Practice Boundary We are able to register patients who live within our practice catchment area. If you are unsure whether your address falls within our practice boundary, please contact reception before completing your registration. Your Responsibilities as a Patient We ask all patients to: Treat staff and other patients with courtesy and respect Attend appointments on time Cancel appointments you no longer need Keep your contact details up to date Inform us of any change of address Provide accurate healthcare information Follow agreed treatment plans where possible Working together helps us provide the best possible care for all patients. Need Additional Support? Please tell us if you require: An interpreter British Sign Language (BSL) support Large print information Easy Read information Communication support Reasonable adjustments to access healthcare services We are committed to making our services accessible to everyone. Accessible information standard policy.docx confirms that communication needs are identified and recorded as part of the registration process. Contact Us St Katharine Docks Practice 12/14 Nightingale House 50 Thomas More Street London E1W 1UA Telephone: 020 7488 3653 Email: nelondonicb.skd@nhs.net We Look Forward to Caring for You If you have any questions about registering with the practice or accessing our services, please contact our reception team who will be happy to help. St Katharine Docks Practice 12-14 Nightingale House 50 Thomas More Street London, E1W 1UA Show map Tel: 020 7488 3653 Fax: 020 7702 4783 nelondonicb.skd@nhs.net Policies and Noticies Accessibility Statement Comments and Suggestions Confidentiality Employee Privacy Notice Freedom to speak up policy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) GP Earnings Practice privacy notice You and Your General Practice Dr Sarit Patel CQC overall rating Good 5 August 2019 See the report © 2020 St Katharine Docks Practice. All rights reserved. This website is a breeze.