Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Charlton House Medical Centre Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Our patient registration policy does not discriminate on the grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation or appearance, disability or medical condition. How to Register Registrations can take up to 14 days to complete. Please ensure you have enough medication from your previous surgery before registering. Check you live within the boundary area We are currently accepting new patients who reside in N17 postcode only. Enter your postcode to check you live within the practice boundary area Complete a New Patient Registration Form SAFE SURGERIES We are proud to be a ‘Safe Surgery’ for everyone in our community. Everyone in the UK has the right to free care from a GP. If you don’t have proof of ID or address, you can still register. Immigration status or nationality don’t matter - reception won’t ask for immigration documents and won’t share your information with the Home Office unless serious crime is involved. Homelessness Homelessness Reduction Act (HRA) came into effect in 2018 and changed the way that we deal with any eligible person who is at risk of homelessness. If you are worried about becoming homeless, get in touch with Haringey Council as soon as possible so they can help prevent you from becoming homeless. Also, we can refer you to our in-house Social Link Prescribers. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. Use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. Find out more and download the app Visit the NHS website to learn more Did you find what you were looking for? Tell us about your experience by leaving feedback. Rate This Page CONTACT Charlton House Medical Centre 579c High Road Tottenham London N17 6SB Telephone: 0208 808 2837 THE PRACTICE Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test You and Your General Practice QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details The Care Quality Commission CQC have not inspected our service yet Providing NHS Services © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO