Manage Cookie Consent To make our website work efficiently and to provide our website visitors with a good experience when using the website, we use cookies. Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Consenting to cookies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs. We only share this data with organisations that provide services to the NHS. Not consenting or withdrawing consent to cookies may adversely affect certain features and functions of our website. Please also see the practice’s privacy policy as this may differ to the GPsurgery.net network privacy policy. Accept Deny Cookie Information Privacy Keats Surgery Search for: Skip to content Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About Team Contact us Home Contact us Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. You can also contact the practice to find out if you can register as a patient. Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: fill out an online registration form and new patient health questionnaire visit reception when we are open and collect a paper registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Named GP All patients at Keats Surgery have a named, accountable doctor who is responsible for coordinating their care. Your named doctor will be allocated to you by the practice. You can still talk to or make appointments to see any of our doctors or nurses, not just your named GP. If you have a preference and would like to request a particular doctor at the practice to be your named GP please talk to one of our receptionists. New patient health questionnaire Date published: 20th September, 2023 Date last updated: 22nd July, 2025 Policy Accessibility Privacy Other policies Helpful links North Central London ICB Edmonton PCN You and your general practice Keats Surgery CQC overall rating Good 14 July 2021 See the report GPsurgery.net © 2026 Manage consent