Skip to main content Cookies on the The Muswell Hill Practice website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies The Muswell Hill Practice Menu 54 Muswell Hill N10 3ST 020 8365 3303 Home Appointments Prescriptions Online Access New patients Self referrals Comments & complaints Opening hours Contact us Language Home New Patients New Patients Register Online We welcome registrations from patients who live in our catchment area. Please check if you are in our catchment area on the map. If you live outside out catchment area but in the borough of Haringey, you may be able to register as an 'Out-of-Area' patient which means you can be registered with us but will not receive home visits from us. For more information on this, please see below. New born babies - we do not register a baby without at least one parent registering with us too, preferably both. This is for clinical safety reasons. If you are not able to fill out a registration form online paper copies are available at reception. Use the link below to register online: Register at our GP Surgery Practice Boundary Check Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Out Of Area Registrations This service is intended for patients who live outside our catchment area but within the borough of Haringey (i.e. pay council tax to Haringey Council). Please use the link below for more information on how to register with us and if you wish to register. If you are registered as an out of area patient and then your circumstances change, you may need to register locally. Please see this for more information Out of Area information.docx If you would like to be considered as an out of area patient, please download and fill in this form Out of area registration request form.docx and send to nclicb.tmhp.registrations@nhs.net When Registering It speeds up the registration process if you have your NHS number. You can contact your previous GP practice and they will be able to give you the number. You will need to provide a blood pressure reading. If you cannot do this from home, then you can come in to the practice and use our surgery ‘Pod’ next to reception. Each of our new and existing registered patients are assigned an Accountable GP, but you can see any doctor in the practice. Kindly allow a maximum of 10 business days for your registration to be processed. Should you not receive a confirmation email within this timeframe, please contact us with the date of your online registration. Temporary Patient Registrations You can register with a GP surgery as a temporary patient for up to 3 months. You'll need to fill out a temporary services form (GMS3 form), which you can get from GP surgeries. You may want to do this if you're living away from home but do not want to change your GP surgery permanently, or if you're visiting from abroad. After 3 months, you can re-apply as a temporary patient, or apply to register as a permanent patient. If your application for temporary registration is refused, you can still receive any treatment you need immediately for up to 14 days. Please note, you need to be in our catchment area to register temporarily with us. Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: English Farsi Urdu Albanian Bengali Hindi Arabic Croatian Lithuanian Bulgarian Punjabi Polish Chinese (Cantonese) Somali Portuguese Chinese (Mandarin) Gujerati Spanish Russian Turkish French Disabled Patient Facilities The practice premises are fully accessible and wheelchair accessible. We have eleven consulting rooms on the ground floor. For those with hearing problems we also have an induction loop at reception. Do you use any form of communication support? Use this easy read checklist to let us know Our practice leaflet Practice leaflet 26-27.pdf Reasonable adjustments Patients may face barriers when accessing healthcare due to disabilities, long-term conditions, or communication needs. Reasonable adjustments help to ensure all patients receive equitable care by recognising and removing these barriers. If you would like to let us know about any reasonable adjustments to add to your medical record, please email in to nclicb.tmhp.registrations@nhs.net We can send you a questionnaire to fill out. Page last reviewed: 18 August 2026 Page created: 10 July 2020 Further Information Practice Leaflet 2026-27 You and Your General Practice Practice History Suggestions & Complaints GP Earnings Patient Experiences Carers Direct Useful Links Frequently Asked Questions General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) Practice Policies Connect With Us Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map