Skip to main content Skip to navigation Cervical Screening - Self Swab Now Available! Click Here Hornsey GP Wood Green NHS | NHS Online | GP Haringey | Doctor - n8 n22 n4 n15 - Online video appointments HomeYou and Your General PracticeRegistrationAppointmentsMore Registration Register online using the forms below. Check our catchment area Adult Registration form Child registration form Fantastic patient reviews Multiple positive feedback, comments and reviews from patients about the surgery Excellent and Caring GPs Caring GPs and allied healthcare professionals who will listen to your concerns Easy Access to Expert team Hassle free & convenient appointments online or face to face consultations Online Registation Save yourself a trip to the practice and complete the online registration forms In order to contact you if details need to be correct please provide your mobile and email address If you do not have these please download the printed registration form below (scroll down) and drop off in person Please allow 2 working days for your registration to be completed Online forms - Online Adult Registration Form (click here) - Online Child Registration Form (click here) Catchment area The practice has a history of registering families and friends at the practice. We try and offer a 'GP near me' service towards our patients If you are a patient who reside within our catchment area you can register with the GP. our area predominantly covers the Hornsey, Turnpike lane, Crouch End and Wood Green areas. Use our catchment area tool to check to see if your postcode is within this area. Unfortunately we are not permitted to accept patients outside this perimeter Coming in person: What Details we Need The surgery require a minimum number of details to complete your registration (*). However if you know your NHS number please provide this as this will expedite your registration and allow us to trace your old records quicker. Please check that you reside in the practice catchment area above covering the Hornsey, Crouch end, Turnpike Lane and Wood Green area - Full name including previous names * - Date and place of birth * - New address & post code * - Last address - Last name and address of your previous Doctor - Date you first came to live in the UK (if you have come from another country) - NHS number if known (different to your National Insurance number) Coming in person: Forms you will need Please complete the appropriate registration form based upon your age and bring to the surgery. Please allow 2 working days for your registration to be complete. Printed PDF - Adult Registration PRINTED form - Child (<14y) Registration PRINTED form Registration Times Day Morning Evening Monday 11-3:30pm 4:00-6:00pm Tuesday 11-3:30pm 4:00-6:00pm Wednesday 11-3:30pm 4:00-6:00pm Thursday 11-3:30pm 4:00-6:00pm Friday 11-3:30pm 4:00-6:00pm Alternatively bring the forms above to the surgery in person Child Registration When registering your child we require that at least one parent or guardian to be registered along with them. Also please would you bring the child's red book to update our records of your child's immunisation status. In order to speed up the registration process could you please try and bring their NHS medical card or NHS number. If not, the practice can make attempts to find your NHS number on your behalf however it may result in a short delay. How to Self Refer Counselling service Maternity services self referral form MSK musculoskeletal service STI sexual health clinic Coils/implants/emergency pill Early pregnancy scan More Useful Info Registration Extended Hour appointments Cervical smear screens Travel clinic & injections Season Flu jab/immunisation Your Feedback Online services Request a sick notes Request for repeat pill Submit BP readings online Practice Details Hornsey Wood Green GP 114 Turnpike Lane Hornsey N8 0PH 02088882227 We try and offer a 'GP near me' service Report abuse