Skip to content Search this website Search Accessibility Online Services Healthcare Professional Helpline Home About Locations Self Referral Register With Us Health Information Contact Us PPG Forest Road Medicus Practice Formerly known as Forest Road Group Practice, this is one of the first 11 to Join Medicus Health Partners in 2018. This site also hosts a Diagnostic Centre and Flu clinics. Patients can now attend any site, clinics and get support wherever they see the Medicus Logo. Forest Road Group Practice is pleased to now offer a new automated service for our patients – we have listened to patients concerns about long phone queues and waiting times – this new option means that in 4-5 mins you can complete a requests and leave the rest to us. For more information please click here PATCHS Telephone Assistant Contact your GP Online: https://patchs.ai/practice/forestroad Dear Patients Welcome to our new webpages for Forest Road My name is Alison and I am responsible for the day to day operation of this site. As you will now be aware we are part of the Medicus Health Partners Practice, we all work together, trying to improve patient experience, offer more local services and support. The new Medicus Health Partners website holds all the up-to-date information that is relevant to our services and theses local pages offer information about this site specifically. We all work on one healthcare system, so wherever you see the Medicus Logo we will be able to help. Alison Forest Primary Care Centre, 308-A, Hertford Road, Edmonton, N9 7HD + − Leaflet | Map data © OpenStreetMap contributors Monday 08.00 – 18.30 Tuesday 08.00 – 18.30 Wednesday 08.00 – 18.30 Thursday 08.00 – 18.30 Friday 08.00 – 18.30 Saturday Closed Sunday Closed 020 8344 4550 nclicb.forestroad.grouppractice@nhs.net Head Office Forest Primary Care Centre 308A Hertford Rd London N9 7HD Get Directions Private Charges Patient Participation Group NHS Friends & Family Feedback Form MHP - Forest Road Group Practice CQC overall rating Good 25 August 2022 See the report If you are a healthcare professional or organisation and need to send/request details about one of our patients, please go through our Professional Page which has a secure email for you to use - if you send PID to this mailbox it will either be returned or deleted. Learn More Medicus Privacy Policy English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Medicus Health Partners 2026