Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content The Southgate Surgery NHS GP Surgery in North London Search the The Southgate Surgery website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us MEASLES / MENINGITIS (01 April 2026) Infection Control: Due to the current measles outbreak in Enfield, and the Meningitis situation, if you need to make an appointment with a GP for any rashes / suspected measles or meningitis, please do not attend Surgery in the first instance. Instead, please call us first and explain your symptoms to our Receptionists, who will arrange a telephone appointment for you to speak to a GP. Home Services Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Enter your postcode Search Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Information: List of roads within our catchment area (PDF) You can also find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: fill out a new patient registration (adults and children aged 6 years and over) form online fill out a new patient registration (under 5) form online When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 14 May 2025 270 Chase Side Southgate London N14 4PR Get directions 020 8440 9301 Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice The Southgate Surgery CQC overall rating Good 24 January 2017 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies