Skip to content Tel: 0208 803 0020 Out of hours: 111 Log in to Patient Access My NHS Account Search Home Appointments Prescriptions About Us Contact Have your Say Making the most of your Practice Meet the Team What to do when we are closed Practice Policies At the Practice Data Medication Policies Patient Record The National Care Record Service (NCRS) Patient Rights Website Policies Regulations & Governance Teenage Friendly Clinics & Services Appointments, Tests & Referrals Appointments NHS 111 online – Get help for your Symptoms Referral for Further Care See a Doctor or Healthcare Professional Tests & Investigations Clinics Travel Clinic & Holiday Vaccinations Online Services Register for Online Services NHS App Practice Services Forms Keep us up to Date Health Review Forms Help & Support Need help with a non-urgent medical or admin request? Contact us online. Submit a new request HomeClinics & ServicesOnline ServicesRegister for Online Services Register for Online Services You can now access a variety of services online without having to phone or visit the surgery. Sign up now to GP online services and you will be able to use a website or app to: Online services offered Booking and cancelling appointments Ordering repeat prescriptions View medical records and clinical documents where available Our online services are quick, easy and convenient to use from a smartphone, tablet or computer. They will save you time and help you take more control of your health, particularly if you have any long-term medical conditions which require regular monitoring and prescriptions. Application for Access to GP Online Services – Things To Consider Before you apply for online access to your medical health record, there are some things to consider. Although the chances of any of these things happening are very small, you will be asked that you have read and understood the following when you sign up for online services. Forgotten history There may be something you have forgotten about in your record that you might find upsetting. Abnormal results or bad news If your GP has given you access to test results or letters, you may see something that you find upsetting to you. This may occur before you have spoken to your doctor or while the surgery is closed and you cannot contact them. Choosing to share your information with someone It’s up to you whether you share your information with others or not – perhaps family members or carers. It’s your choice, but also your responsibility to keep the information safe and secure. Coercion If you think you may be pressured into revealing details from your patient record to someone else against your will, it is best that you do not register for access at this time. Misunderstood information Your medical record is designed to be used by clinical professionals to ensure that you receive the best possible care. Some of the information within your medical record may be highly technical, written by specialists and not easily understood. If you require further clarification, please contact the surgery for a clearer explanation. Information about someone else If you spot something in the record that is not about you or notice any other errors, please log out of the system immediately and contact the practice as soon as possible. More information For more information about keeping your healthcare records safe and secure, you will find a helpful leaflet produced by the NHS in conjunction with the British Computer Society: Keeping your online health and social care records safe and secure http://www.nhs.uk/NHSEngland/thenhs/records/healthrecords/Documents/PatientGuidanceBooklet.pdf Proxy Access If you are using this service to access another person’s account as a proxy (eg as a carer or parent), you have discussed appropriately what you are accessing and for what purpose. This service will be reviewed at regular intervals by the GP practice and may be rescinded at any time. Complete the online form – Patient only To reduce footfall to the Practice the recommended method of registering for online service is by submitting your information online. Please note: if you wish to register for online services, to access your repeat prescriptions, appointments etc., you are also required provide evidence of your ID, which you can upload on our online form. Once this has been verified, we will issue the necessary documentation for online services, within seven working days or more. Please note we look closely at all applications for access to make sure they are genuine. Access can also be withdrawn at any time if there are concerns about patient confidentiality. If you are unable to use the online form please contact the Practice for advice. Submit your Registration request for online services Proxy access If you are the parent of any children under the age of 12 you will need to fill in a ‘proxy’ access form to view their details. You can also grant access to a carer if you wish. Further Information about Proxy Access Child Parent/Guardian online access guidance DOWNLOAD Complete the form for Proxy access to GP online services Patient Access video tutorials NHS England – easy read guides to GP online services NHS England: videos about using GP online services The Patient Responsibility Abuse of the Online System Abuse of the system includes, but is not exclusive to the following: Sending needless or abusive messages to the Practice Repeatedly booking and cancelling appointments Repeatedly booking appointments over a short period of time Booking appointments and not attending them Any offensive or abusive messages through the service Requesting prescriptions that you do not need. Security We take the security of your information very seriously. Our clinical systems provider ensures that the information you provide when using the online services portal is protected. All communications with the web site are encrypted, using the same high security that major banks use for their internet transactions (128 bit SSL). Only you can see the personal information you enter. Using the most up-to-date version of your web browser also improves security of information. Remember to close the browser after use, especially if someone else could access your computer. Further information about online service from NHS UK Morecambe Surgery 1 Morecambe Terrace London N18 1 LA Get Directions 0208 803 0020 Opening Hours Monday 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Tuesday 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Wednesday 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Thursday 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Friday 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Saturday Closed Sunday Closed Thursday extended hours only by appointment. Rated Good Accessibility Cookie Policy Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Policy Designed by GenPra—Websites for GP Practices. Admin dashboard