Skip to content Ridgeway Surgery 1 Mount Echo Avenue, Chingford, E4 7JX | Tel: 020 8523 7722 Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryRegister with us as a New Patient Register with us as a New Patient We take patients mainly from the north of the E4 postal district. Registration is with the practice and not a particular doctor. You are welcome to consult any of the doctors at the surgery. We try to ensure that patients are given an appointment with the doctor of their choice, but if the doctor is fully booked, they will be offered cither an appointment with her/him at a later date or an appointment with another doctor. How To Contact Us And Directions To The Practice Online Registration Non-urgent advice: Temporary Registration If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. More information here Patient Access Registration What is Patient Access? Patient Online services will give you the option to: Make appointments online Order repeat prescriptions online View your own medical record online You will be able to complete these actions using a computer, tablet or smartphone rather than having to phone or visit your practice. What are the benefits of online services? Online services will allow you to book and cancel appointments or request repeat prescriptions at a time that is convenient to you – day or night. It can also mean not having to travel to the surgery and can free up phone lines for people without access to a computer. Having access to records means, that you could be more in control of your health and well-being. This is particularly helpful for people who live with a long-term condition such as Diabetes that needs regular monitoring and frequent prescriptions. Online Access Request About Our Surgery Register with us as a New Patient Friends & Family Test Patient Participation Group (PPG) Accessing someone else’s information Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Ridgeway Surgery 1 Mount Echo Avenue, Chingford, E4 7JX Get Directions 020 8523 7722 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm The Ridgeway Surgery CQC overall rating Good 15 November 2016 See the report Ridgeway Surgery Privacy Notice English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Ridgeway Surgery 2026