Cookies on the The Elmhurst Practice website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies The Elmhurst Practice Menu Home Contact us About Us Meet the Team Health Information Language NHS APP NOTIFICATIONS To ensure that you receive all important messages and corespondence sent to you, please make sure to have your notfications turned on by following the instuctions here How to turn on no Find out more Dismiss Home JOIN THE PRACTICE JOIN THE PRACTICE Register as a New Patient The Elmhurst Practice welcomes patients who are in our catchment area. To complete the registration you will need your 10 digit NHS number to hand, which you can find on any hospital appointment letters/correspondence, by contacting your previous surgery or using the find your NHS number service To join our practice, new patients will need to click and complete the online registration process or scan the QR code. Alternatively, you can register via https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F86064 Please make sure that you ARE within catchment and have all the necessary information to hand, as inappropriate and/or incomplete registrations will be rejected. New Patient Health Checks All patients registering with the practice will be offered a new patient health check with either our nurse or healthcare assistant. Depending on your needs this may simply involve giving general lifestyle advice, or might require examination and assessment of your medication, or some tests. Out of Area Registration The practice are happy to consider registering patients who live outside of our catchment area. However, there are some things that you would need to consider before applying. Please read our Out of Area letter without home visits for more information. Once you have read the letter if you wish to proceed please sign the letter and (you can type your name if you wish) and complete the New registration form PRF1-050723 (2).pdf . Once both forms have been completed please email them to nelondonicb.f86064discharge@nhs.net alternatively you can bring them into the practice in person. Your application will then be reviewed and we will inform you of the decision. If you are registered we will offer you a new patient health check at the practice. Temporary Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: Albanian Arabic Bengali English Bulgarian Cantonese Croatian French Farsi Gujarati Hindi Lithuanian Mandarin Portuguese Polish Punjabi Somali Russian Turkish Spanish Urdu Access and Parking Disabled access is available to the side of the building near to the car park entrance. Disabled toilet and baby changing facilities are available. There is a pay and display car park at the rear of the building. This belongs to Redbridge Council and not the surgery. Page last reviewed: 06 August 2026 Page created: 21 February 2023 Further Information Subject Access Request (SAR) You and Your General Practice Accessibility Useful Numbers Carers Support GDPR and Privacy GP Earnings Pregnancy Patient Participation Group Feedback & Complaints Practice Policies Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map