Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings About Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Practice Noticeboard Contact Us Translate HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration We do not discriminate on the grounds of your: race, gender, social class, religion, sexual orientation, appearance, disability or medical condition. We are an accredited 'Safe Surgery'. Your nationality or immigration status do not affect your right to register here. Everyone living in England has the right to free care from a GP. Ask reception for an interpreter if you find it difficult to communicate in English. Our receptionists won’t ask you about your immigration status. If you are worried about giving us your address, please let us know. Your information is safe with us. How To Register? To register as a new patient at the practice. Please follow the registration process below. 1 Complete Our Patient Registration Forms Registration is not restricted to postcodes 2 Book a New Patient Health Check Once the registration process is complete you will receive a confirmation letter from the registration department. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. The NHS App The Firs Medical Centre would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services CONTACT DETAILS The Firs Medical Centre 26 Stephenson Road Walthamstow London E17 7JT LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint NHS RESOURCES Health A-Z Live Well Mental Health Social Care & Support Pregnancy NHS Services The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Overall: Good © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. YES NO