Skip to content Manor Brook Medical Centre Your Health, Our PriorityㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤMember of Blackheath and Charlton PCN Search this website Search NHS App and Online Access Accessibility Home Join Our Practice Appointments Prescriptions About Us Contact Us English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryJoin Our Practice Join Our Practice Register with us online You can register with our practice using our online registration form. The form collects your personal details, a brief medical history, and your preferences. This information will be added to your medical record so we can begin providing you with care. We aim to process registration applications within 3 to 5 working days. Once registered, you will receive text message notification to confirm registration with us. If you have previously been registered with a GP in England, providing your NHS number is helpful, as it allows us to transfer your medical records more quickly. However, you do not need your NHS number to register. If you do not know it, we can usually find it using your name and date of birth. If you would like to find your NHS number, you can do so here: https://www.nhs.uk/nhs-services/online-services/find-nhs-number/ Practice boundary We are happy to register new NHS patients who live within our practice boundary area. You must live within this area to register with us. Catchment Area You can register online: Registration Form – Ages 14+ Registration Form – Children Under 14 Years Old Download the forms If you would rather submit your application to register personally, please download and complete the forms below: 14+ Registration FormDownload Children Under 14 Registration FormDownload Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Manor Brook Medical Centre 117 Brook Lane, Blackheath, London, SE3 0EN Get Directions 020 8856 5678 Tu,We,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm; Mo,Th 8:00 am to 8:00 pm Manor Brook PMS CQC overall rating Good 22 September 2016 See the report *We offer extended hours appointments on Mondays and Thursdays from 18:30 – 20:00. These are for pre-booked appointments only. English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Manor Brook Medical Centre 2026