Skip to content The Fairfield Practice Providing NHS Services Member of Blackheath and Charlton PCN Search this website Search NHS App and Online Access Accessibility Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Meet the Team News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration Don't become a GP ghost patient: check you're still registered - Click here for more info New Patient Registration Boundary Area Anyone wishing to register with our Practice must have an address within the SE7 postcode. Please submit an online New Patient Registration Form. If you had registered with a GP surgery before, you will need your NHS number to register with us so we can get your health records transferred electronically. You can find your NHS number here. During registration, we will ask you if you would like to receive notification via text message to confirm successful registration. Alternatively, please come to the surgery where we do have paper version of the application form. If you would like access to your online medical records, we will request you to come to the surgery and provide two forms of ID – one proof of identity and one proof of residential address ( a list of all accepted documents is available from the front reception desk). Alternatively, please register on NHS app and complete self-verification to access online services including ordering repeat medication, viewing medical records and receiving direct notifications from your GP. On completion of your registration with us you can book a new patient health check appointment with one of our Healthcare Assistants, Janice or Shari. Please wait for confirmation that your registration is complete before submitting an AccuRx online consultation request to the surgery. Registration can take up to 5 working days, and we will confirm by email or SMS once it has been processed. We cannot respond to medical requests while your registration is still pending. Thank you for your understanding. Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? The Fairfield Practice 41-43 Fairfield Grove, Charlton, London, SE7 8TX Get Directions 02083053007 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Fairfield PMS CQC overall rating Good 19 November 2025 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Fairfield Practice 2026