Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Lakeside Medical Practice Translate Facebook Twitter Instagram Home About Our Surgery Appointments Prescriptions New Patient Events & Closures Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration To register as a patient, we kindly ask that you follow our simple online process. However, if you prefer to register in person, we would appreciate it if you could visit us after 1pm as our mornings tend to be quite busy. As part of the registration process, we may ask you some personal questions, such as your medical history and contact information, to ensure that we can provide the best possible care for you. Additionally, we may need to ask some questions about your settled status to comply with legal requirements. We value your privacy and assure you that any information you provide will be treated with the utmost confidentiality. If you have any concerns or questions about the registration process, please do not hesitate to contact us. How to Register To register as a new patient at the practice. Please follow the registration process below. The practice does not discriminate on the grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation, appearance, disability or medical condition. Check You Live Within The Catchment Area Complete a New Patient Registration Forms Complete a Carer Registration Form New Patient Check Medical Card Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the practice will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the practice. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. The NHS App Lakeside Medical Practice would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services CONTACT Lakeside Medical Practice Yarnton Way Thamesmead London SE2 9LH Telephone: 0208 102 0488 THE PRACTICE Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test You and Your General Practice (YYGP) QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO