Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings OPENING TIMES ONLINE SERVICES HOW DO I...? SELF CARE NEWS & EVENTS CONTACT US HOME JOIN THE PRACTICE Register with us as a New Patient BACK TO MAIN INDEX Changes to registration during Covid-19 Pandemic Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, patients are asked to register without coming into the practice. New Patient Registration If you would like to join the practice please fill out our secure online form. You should ideally upload a proof of address (Utility Bill etc) and your NHS (National Health Service) number to the form. After this is submitted to the practice you will be given an appointment to see the Health Care Assistant for a New Patient Check, and this would complete the registration process. Children 16 and under do not need to complete the registration form. An adult member of the family can register them by providing the required information and signing the registration application on their behalf. As a patient, you have the right to express preference as to which GP you wish to see. However, if you require an appointment and your preferred GP is not available, you will be offered an appointment with another doctor. If you still wish to see your preferred GP you may have to wait longer. We would kindly request that applications are submitted by 6pm to enable the registration process to be completed that day. Patients may need to return another day to complete the registration process for applications submitted after this time. If you prefer not to register online please complete the following steps: Please check our map (below) to ensure you live in the catchment area Downloaded complete the NHS GP patient registration form, also available from reception. Return your completed registration forms to reception or email or post to us If you don’t have an access to emails or a printer and would like us to post a registration form to you please give us a call on 020 3780 0781 Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Named Accountable GP All patients registered at the Acorn & Gaumont House Surgeries have a named doctor who has overall responsibility for your care and support. If you choose to see another doctor at the surgery you are entirely free to go on doing so exactly as before. CONTACT DETAILS Acorn & Gaumont House Surgery 153 Peckham High Street Peckham London SE15 5SL Telephone: 020 3780 0781 FEEDBACK Give feedback, see our reviews and read survey reports GIVE US FEEDBACK PRACTICE POLICIES Find out more about our policies and procedures MORE ABOUT OUR POLICIES Terms of Use Disclaimer Accessibility Statement Website Privacy Statement Cookies Site Map © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists 2026 YES NO