Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Translate Instagram Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services Online Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration How to Register To register with us, please complete the New Patient Registration Form. The standard NHS registration form does not capture information about sexuality or gender identity. If you wish to share that information with us please complete our secure online form. Register at our GP Practice If you prefer not to register online, please complete the following steps: Download and complete the NHS GP patient registration form, which is also available from reception. Return the completed registration form to reception. Please enter your postcode into the interactive map below. If you fall outside of the boundary area, you won’t be entitled to some of our services such as home visits. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. See further information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP At Forest Hill Road Group Practice, each patient has a named GP who is responsible for overseeing their results and letters. However, you are welcome to see any clinician at the practice for your appointments, and this will not affect your care or treatment in any way. Providing NHS Services Forest Hill Road Group Practice 1 Forest Hill Road Honor Oak, Dulwich London, SE22 0SQ Telephone: 020 8299 1234 The Practice Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Complaints & Feedback You and Your General Practice Quick Links Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Our Services The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Instagram YES NO