Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Paxton Green Group Practice Paxton Green Group Practice Translate Home Our Surgery Appointments Prescriptions Registrations News and Events Contact Us HOME REGISTER WITH US Register with us If you wish to register as a patient with us please do this online by completing the following registration form using the guide below. If you need help please speak to our reception team by calling 020 8670 6878 or coming into the practice. Our patient registration policy does not discriminate on the grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation or appearance, disability or medical condition. How to Register To register as a new patient at the practice. Please follow the registration process below. 1 Check You Live Within The Catchment Area Enter your postcode to check you live within the practice catchment area. 2 Practice Registration Policies Please read our practice policies before registering at our practice 3 Complete a New Patient Registration Form If you live within the boundary area, please complete our online new patient registration form below or collect a registration form from reception. 4 Change of Contact details Please use this form to inform us of a change in contact details. 5 Update next of kin details Please use this form to inform us of any changes in your next of kin details Out-of-Area Registration Since 2015 we have been able to register patients who live outside the practice area but without any obligation to provide home visits. We will only register a patient for an “out of area registration” without home visits if we decide that it is clinically appropriate and practical. In order to decide this we will ask you to complete an application form. We may then: Ask you questions about why it is practical for you to attend this practice. If you are not currently registered at Paxton Green we may ask the practice you are currently registered with questions about your health to help decide whether to register you in this way. If accepted, you can attend the practice and receive the full range of services provided as normal at the surgery. If you have an urgent care need and you need help at home we may ask you to call NHS 111 and they will put you in touch with a local service (this may be a face-to-face appointment with a local healthcare professional or a home visit where necessary). We may decide that it is not in your best interests or practical for you to be registered in this way. In these circumstances, we will not register you and will advise you to register (or remain registered) with a more local practice. If accepted but your health needs change we may review your registration to see if it would be more appropriate for you to be registered with a GP practice closer to your home. Register as an Out-of-Area Patient Application for online access New and current patients can book appointments, order repeat prescriptions and see information in your GP records, including medications and allergies online. Apply for online access including Proxy Access Proxy access As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. This is called having proxy access. Examples include: A parent or guardian who has legal responsibility for a patient under 11 A carer for a patient over the age of 16 years. A letter from the patient is required giving them permission. Both the proxy (someone managing another person’s records) and the patient must be registered at the same practice to manage the patient’s health services in the NHS App. Apply for online access including Proxy Access Proxy Access for Children and Young People Under 11: A parent or guardian with legal responsibility can request proxy access. Ages 11-16: Proxy access is automatically limited when a child turns 11. The GP may assess whether the child can consent to share their records. From ages 11 to 16, parents can manage some aspects, such as booking appointments or ordering prescriptions, but will not see past appointments or clinical records. Ages 16 and above: Proxy access is removed when the patient turns 16 unless the young person consents to continue it. They can request to reinstate proxy access by visiting the practice with proof of ID. Linked profiles in your NHS account Proxy access can only be setup when both the proxy and the patient are registered at the same practice. Once it has been setup, the proxy can access the patient’s profile in their NHS account using the NHS App or the NHS App website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. When Proxy Access May Be Refused or Removed The practice may refuse or withdraw proxy access if it is deemed to be against the patient’s best interests. Temporary Services If you are currently staying within our practice boundary and need medical care, please contact your registered GP in the first instance to see whether they can continue to support you remotely e.g. by sending a prescription for your medication to one of our local pharmacies. If you are ill while away from home, you can receive emergency treatment at the surgery. Our staff may direct you to the nearest walk-in centre or A&E department if this is deemed appropriate after assessment. Our Practice does not offer temporary services registration. This is because clinicians cannot make safe decisions about your treatment without full access to your medical records. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the practice will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the practice. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. The NHS App Paxton Green Group Practice would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services CONTACT Paxton Green Group Practice 1 Alleyn Park London SE21 8AU Telephone: 020 8670 6878 THE PRACTICE Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Patient Participation Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test You and Your General Practice QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO