Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Providing NHS Services Herne Hill Group Practice About Us Appointments Prescriptions Register Noticeboard Contact Us Translate HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration To register as a new patient at the practice. Please follow the registration process below. Check You Live Within The Boundary Area Enter your post code to check you live within the practice boundary area If you are already a patient and are due to move to a new location, please check to see whether you are still in our catchment area, or notify the reception team by completing our change of details form, and they will check whether you are still in our catchment area. If you are not, you will need to locate a GP within your new catchment. To offer timely, high-quality personalised treatment, we do not register patients who are not inside The Catchment Area. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Complete Our Patient Registration Forms If you live within the boundary area, please complete our new patient registration form Registering at the Reception Please attend our Practice within the opening times and we will provide you with the registration forms when you arrive. Safer Surgeries We are part of the Safer Surgeries Program NHS App Drop In There is a clinic every Wednesday that can be booked into for all those having issues with or wanting the NHS app explained. Changing your Gender and NHS Number Information to support your care when changing gender. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. The NHS App Herne Hill Group Practice would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. DOWNLOAD THE APP Did you find what you were looking for? Tell us about your experience by leaving feedback. Rate This Page Providing NHS Services CONTACT DETAILS Herne Hill Group Practice 74 Herne Hill, (access via Kestrel Avenue) London SE24 9QP Telephone: 020 7274 3314 PRACTICE INFO Herne Hill Group Practice is a four partner GP practice, part of South East London ICB About Us Practice Policies You and Your General Practice LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. YES NO