Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Register with the practice as a new patient How to Register Check you live within the boundary area To register with us please ensure your postcode is in our catchment area below. If you have any questions about your eligibilty join this surgery please contact us. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Registering a baby or child Registering your new born baby Registering a Baby Registering a Child Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient please visit the practice and we can discuss the best course of action for you and provide you with any necessary paperwork for completion as required. As a practice we do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although we do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. See further information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. Did you find what you were looking for? Tell us about your experience by leaving feedback. Rate This Page Providing NHS Services CONTACT Lambeth Walk Group Practice (Main Operations Site) First floor Akerman Health Centre 60 Patmos Road SW9 6AF Lambeth Walk Group Practice (Hurley Branch Site) Ebenezer House Kennington Lane London SE11 4HJ Telephone: 020 7735 4412 THE PRACTICE Opening Hours Latest News GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Complaints & Feedback QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Our Services The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO