South Lambeth Road Practice Opening Hours | Join The Practice | Contact Us CQC Rating Good ABOUT US JOIN THE PRACTICE SICK NOTES & LETTERS ORDER A PRESCRIPTIONONLINE SERVICES HOW DO I..? YOU AND YOUR GP TRANSLATE Search Register with the practice online We are currently accepting new patients and you can even register if you're outside the practice boundary (see below to enter your postcode). There is no need to inform your existing practice, we will take care of retrieving your records once you've signed up with us. To register with our Practice, please click on "Register Online" and complete the form. Please have one ID document to hand during registration as this will allow us to create an online account for you that will allow you to view your record and results of tests via the Patient Access app. It also allows you to request medication via the app. The ID you upload can be a scanned copy or you can take a picture. You can also register with one of our sister practices if it is more convenient. The Deerbrook Surgery or The Corner Surgery. REGISTER ONLINE Anyone can register with us Anyone can register at the practice, even those that are not in the catchment area. However, if you are outside the catchment area, you will not be eligible for home visits if you ever needed it or, some community services, such as physiotherapy, district nurses and midwife appointments. Click here for more info about registering whilst outside the practice area. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Overseas Visitors If you are visiting from abroad you can access medical care by seeing a doctor privately for a fee. Please ask Reception for the current private consultation fees. If your country has a healthcare agreement with the UK you may not have to pay please visit GOV.UK for more information. Temporary Residents If you are currently staying within our practice area for up to 30 days and do not have a doctor in the area but need urgent medical care you can register at the practice as a temporary resident. If you need medication urgently please bring your regular repeat prescription order form from your normal surgery to us and we will issue you with a short supply to tide you over until you get home. North Lambeth Primary Care Network NLPCN South Lambeth Road Practice is part of the North Lambeth Primary Care Network (NLPCN). Since 2019 and as part of initiative set up nationally, practices have formed into local networks with a population size of at least 30k patients as a minimum. The aim was for practices to work together in their network bubble with community, mental health, social care, pharmacy, hospital and voluntary services in their local areas. This way with the combined efforts of their practices, Networks could be proactive, and provide personalised, coordinated and more integrated health and social care at a local level. North Lambeth PCN (NLPCN) consists of 6 Practices: Hurley and Riverside Practices Lambeth Walk Group Practice Mawbey Group Practice South Lambeth Road Group Practice Waterloo Health Centre Vauxhall Surgery As required, for a PCN to operate, all the practices were asked to participate in the Network, by meeting and making decisions about number of areas of the primary care service. Representation at the NLPCN board is from GPs, Nurses, Practice Management and Administration staff from each of the 6 practices. Dr George Verghese leads the North Lambeth PCN as the Clinical Director. Meeting monthly, the PCN oversees a number of services as follows: 1. Extended Access Hours (run by each individual practice, but the PCN monitors performance) 2. Flu Vaccinations programme (run at each individual practice but the PCN checks with practices to monitor performance) 3. Care Homes Enhanced Service Management – this is a programme to help strengthen the GP service ties with Care Homes and ensure that patients have regular medical reviews, and other GP primary care services on a consistent basis. 4. Early Cancer Detection scheme – a scheme with Cancer Research UK and the GP Lead in Lambeth for Cancer services to ensure our uptake of cancer screening services are optimised, and early detection for effective treatment is robust 5. Covid Vaccination Service – the PCNs in Lambeth are working with Lambeth Federation to support and provide facilities for this service 6. Social Prescribing Service – PCNs oversee the employment of Social Prescribing Link Workers (more below) The North Lambeth Primary Care Workforce Under the national scheme, PCNs were able to employ staff in a number supporting clinical roles for General Practice. These are Clinical Pharmacists, Physicians Associates, Paramedics, Physiotherapists, Care Coordinators, Social Prescribing Link Workers, Health and Wellbeing Coaches, Nursing Assistants and Associates and Mental Health Practitioners. These roles are being expanded as the PCNs develop nationally. As of April 2021, the PCN has employed 3 Clinical Pharmacists to its network, plus 4 Social Prescribing Link Workers, 3 Care Coordinators and 4 Physiotherapists. The workforce is spread among the 6 practices and you may as part of your care have appointments in a practice with them. More information giving details on each of these roles will be published in due course. The North Lambeth Primary Care Network has an appointed Clinical Director, Dr George Verghese – a GP Partner at the Waterloo Health Centre CONTACT DETAILS South Lambeth Road Practice 1 Selway House 272 South Lambeth Road London SW8 1UL Telephone: 020 7622 1923 Out-Of-Hours: 111 PATIENT ACCESS All you need to know about Patient Access and the services it provides you and your family 24/7/365 READ MORE FRIENDS & FAMILY TEST The NHS want you to have the best possible experience of care. Please give your feedback. READ MORE Terms of UseCookiesMedical DisclaimerAccessibilityPrivacy Notice © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists 2026 Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings YES NO