Manage Cookie Consent To make our website work efficiently and to provide our website visitors with a good experience when using the website, we use cookies. Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Consenting to cookies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs. We only share this data with organisations that provide services to the NHS. Not consenting or withdrawing consent to cookies may adversely affect certain features and functions of our website. Please also see the practice’s privacy policy as this may differ to the GPsurgery.net network privacy policy. Accept Deny Cookie Information Privacy Stockwell Group Practice Search for: Skip to content Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About Team Contact us Home Contact us Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. You can also contact the practice to find out if you can register as a patient. Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: fill out an online registration form visit reception when we are open and collect a paper registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Out of area registrations We also register patients who live outside the catchment area. If you are willing to register as out of area patient, you will receive the full range of NHS GP services, but we are not required to provide home visits when you are unable to attend the surgery. By registering as an out‑of‑area patient, you confirm you understand and accept this arrangement. Named GP All patients at Stockwell Group Practice have a named, accountable doctor who is responsible for coordinating their care. Your named doctor will be allocated to you by the practice. You can still talk to or make appointments to see any of our doctors or nurses, not just your named GP. If you have a preference and would like to request a particular doctor at the practice to be your named GP please talk to one of our receptionists. Date published: 20th September, 2023 Date last updated: 18th December, 2025 Policy Accessibility Violent or abusive behaviour Privacy Other policies Helpful links News South East London ICB Part of Stockwellbeing PCN You and your general practice Stockwell Group Practice CQC overall rating Good 12 January 2017 See the report GPsurgery.net © 2026 Manage consent Hi, I'm your digital assistant. How may I help you today? blue hammer