Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings ONLINE SERVICES HOW DO I...? NEWS & EVENTS NORTH LEWISHAM PCN CONTACT US HOME JOIN THE PRACTICE Register with us as a New Patient BACK TO MAIN INDEX Live within our boundary area? We are a growing practice and we would like to register new patients who live locally, our area is predominantly SE14. The practice area map is available here (link to be provided enter your POSTCODE to check if you are in our area). Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Registration Forms NHS - Register with a GP surgery Please contact the surgery via our secure online form to receive a Health Questionnaire which you are required to fill out to complete our registration process. Registering with the Practice If you are on regular repeat medication we advise booking a face to face or telephone consultation once you have registered, to ensure that you continue to receive your repeat prescriptions. We do not require patients to present identification to complete registration with the practice but we reserve the right to request identification at any time. If you are a parent or person with parental responsibility registering a child under 16 years of age, you will need to present identification to Reception, such as the Birth Certificate, to complete the Registration process. Photographic identification, such as Passport or Drivers Licence, has to be presented to Reception to sign up for online access, which we strongly advise all patients to do. New patient appointment We invite all prospective and new patients to make an appointment with us and would be pleased to answer any questions all patients are welcome to see the Doctor or Nurse for a review every 3 years. Patients who are over 75 are welcome to make an appointment with the Nurse for a yearly check-up if they wish. On completion of the appropriate forms, our staff can make an appointment for you with our Practice Nurse or with one of the GPs, if required. As our Practice will not receive your previous medical records for several weeks, it is important that we obtain details of family and medical history, to enable us to provide necessary and appropriate care. If you require existing medication, we would ask you provide us with a copy of an old prescription. Accountable / Named GP for All Patients All patients registered at The Clifton Rise Family Practice have a named doctor who has overall responsibility for your care and support. If you choose to see another doctor at the surgery you are entirely free to go on doing so exactly as before. CONTACT DETAILS Clifton Rise Family Practice Waldron Health Centre (Suite 2) Amersham Vale New Cross London SE14 6LD Tel: 020 3830 8110 Out-Of-Hours: 111 PRACTICE POLICIES Find out more about the policies and procedures we adhere to at Clifton Rise Family Practice READ OUR POLICIES SUPPORTING THE LGBTQ+ COMMUNITY WE ARE A SAFE SURGERIES PRACTICE Terms of Use Privacy Statement Disclaimer Accessibility Statement Cookies Site Map © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists 2026 YES NO