About Us For Patients Register with us Register at Knights Hill Surgery The easiest and quickest way to register is by filling in our online form. It’s simple, it’s quick and once it’s done, it’s done. If you live in or near our catchment area, we'd love for you to join our practice! If you're already registered with us but want to change any of your personal details (such as your name, address or pronouns) please let us know by email. If you don't want to register online, you can register in person by coming to the surgery where our reception team will be happy to help you. You can also register online through the NHS website. Please note that if you register a child alone (i.e. without a parent / guardian already being registered with us or requesting registration), this may be passed to our safeguarding lead to review. Register at Knights Hill Surgery Registering with us means you'll be switched from your current doctor to our practice. You can, of course, switch back at any time subject to your current doctor's registration policies. Leave This Field Blank Title Select Mr Mrs Miss Master Ms Mx Dr First Name Last Name First Line Of Address City Postcode Phone Number Email Address Date Of Birth NHS Number Gender Select Male (including trans men) Female (including trans women) Non-binary Other/prefer not to say Pronouns Select He/him She/her They/them Other Save and continue Booking an appointment There's a number of ways you can book an appointment, such as: phoning us, using our online portals, or visiting the practice in person. Other NHS services While your GP practice is your main front door to the NHS, there are a number of other services available that may be able to help you. Online services & the NHS App Online services allow you to directly access some services using your computer, tablet or smartphone. Self help resources There are some great self help resources available for you to use. You’ll find a variety of tips and guides to help you look after yourself. Contact Details Location West Norwood Health & Leisure Centre 25 Devane Way London, SE27 0DF Opening Hours Monday - Friday, 8am - 6:30pm Saturday, 9am - 5pm Closed Sundays & Bank Holidays Contact us 020 3141 0700 (our preferred contact method) Get in touch with Knights Hill Surgery Contact us or call reception on 020 3141 0700 Our mission is to deliver the best healthcare to all of our patients. Opening Hours Monday - Friday, 8am - 6:30pm, Saturday, 9am - 5pm (Closed Sundays & Bank Holidays) Contact details West Norwood Health & Leisure Centre, 25 Devane Way, London, ﻿SE27 0DF 020 3141 0700 lamccg.knightshill@nhs.net Privacy Feedback & Complaints Accessibility Statement Careers Subject Access Requests © 2026 Penrose Feedback Please help us to improve our website by responding to this quick survey! Next