Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings North Wood Group Practice Translate Home Appointments Medications New Patients Services News About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION Join North Wood Group Practice Now Registering New Patients Looking for a GP practice that puts patients first? North Wood Group Practice is currently welcoming new patients to register with us. Registering is quick and easy, and you can join us even if you live outside our normal practice boundary (enter your postcode below to check eligibility). We accept patients from anywhere in England, so you can have a Practice that meets your needs depending on your lifestyle in relation to where you live or work. There’s no need to contact your current GP surgery – we’ll take care of transferring your medical records once your registration is complete, making the process as smooth as possible. Whether you’re new to the area, looking for a change, or simply searching for a trusted local GP service, we’d be delighted to welcome you to our practice. Our patient registration policy does not discriminate on the grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation or appearance, disability or medical condition. Register today and become part of North Wood Group Practice Check your Postcode Complete a New Patient Registration Form Out-of-Area Registrations SAFE SURGERIES We are proud to be a ‘Safe Surgery’ for everyone in our community. Everyone in the UK has the right to free care from a GP. If you don’t have proof of ID or address, you can still register. Immigration status or nationality don’t matter - our team won’t ask for immigration documents and won’t share your information with the Home Office unless serious crime is involved. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP The practice provides all patients with a named GP. All GPs are able to provide care to all of our patients. Your named GP will not be available at all times. For continuity of care, we try to book patients with a GP that is known to them or has seen the patient before, particularly for patients with more complex care needs. However, this is not always possible. We need to divide our patients evenly between all of our doctors, so they can manage their workload. Therefore to do this fairly and impartially, we have selected patients by surname to match to a doctor. Use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. Find out more and download the app Visit the NHS website to learn more SAFE SURGERIES Proud to be a parkrun practice PRIDE IN PRACTICE GOLD Providing NHS Services North Wood at Crown Dale 61 Crown Dale, London SE19 3NY North Wood at Tulse Hill 4 Hardel Rise, London SW2 3DX Telephone: 020 8670 2414 The Practice Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Quick Links Contact Us New Patients Appointments Medications Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO