The Deerbrook Surgery NHS GP Doctors Opening Times | Register Online with GP | Contact Us CQC Rating Good SELF-REFERRALS PRESCRIPTION REQUESTS SICK NOTES & LETTERS APPOINTMENTS (GP near me) NHS GP HEALTH INFO ADDITIONAL INFO TRANSLATE Search HOME JOIN THE PRACTICE - GP REGISTRATION ONLINE Register with GP practice online We are an NHS GP practice taking new patients for registration with a GP. You can even register if you're outside the practice boundary (see below to enter your postcode). There is no need to inform your existing practice, we will take care of retrieving your records once you've signed up with us. You no longer need to search for a GP practice near me. GP REGISTRATION ONLINE Anyone can register with us - full GP registration online Anyone can register at the practice, even those that are not in the catchment area. However, if you are outside the catchment area, you will not be eligible for a home visit if you ever needed it. Click here for more info about registering whilst outside the practice area. You may wish to register with one of our sister practices if it's more convenient, The South Lambeth Road Practice or The Corner Surgery. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap People from overseas If you have moved to the UK from abroad and have leave to remain, you have full access to all NHS treatment and services, including specialist care. If you do not have leave to remain, you can still access all emergency and GP care. Therefore, we are able to accept anyone with leave to remain but also anyone who is currently a refugee, seeking asylum or has no defined immigration status. We do not make any checks on immigration status and do not share information with the Home Office. Temporary Residents If you are currently staying within our practice area for up to 30 days and do not have a doctor in the area but need urgent medical care you can register at the practice as a temporary resident. Emergency and GP services are free for all but specialist hospital care will be subject charges if you are a temporary visitor, go to GOV.UK for more information. We are open to registering patients with no fixed abode. Please make this clear on the application or provide the address of a friend/relative. Non English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. We welcome GP registration from any person regardless of their first language or country of origin. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: English Albanian Arabic Bengali Bulgarian Cantonese Mandarin Croatian Farsi French Gujerati Hindi Lithuanian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Russian Somali Spanish Turkish Urdu CONTACT DETAILS The Deerbrook Surgery NHS GP Doctors 216 Norwood Road London SE27 9AW Telephone: 020 3474 6750 PATIENT ACCESS APP Sign up to access your record, results and request medication online and via an app. Includes COVID-19 vaccination passport PATIENT ACCESS APP SUBMIT INFO TO US Please use our online forms to submit info for Asthma, Blood pressure or Contraception. ONLINE FORMS PRACTICE POLICIES See our online policies and procedures. PRACTICE POLICIES Terms of UseCookiesAccessibilityMedical Disclaimer © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists 2026 Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings YES NO