Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Providing NHS Services Wells Park Practice Home Appointments Prescriptions Online Services About Us Aplos Health PCN Contact Us Translate HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration To register as a new patient at the practice. Please follow the registration process below. 1 Live Within The Boundary Area? We accept patients who have a postcode in the Sydenham and Forest Hill areas Please check that your postcode falls within our boundary Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap If you are already a patient and are about to move to a new address please let the reception team know by contacting us online. They can decide whether or not you are still within our catchment area. If you are not, and you would like to stay with the practice, please let us know. All cases will be dealt with on an individual basis, by the practice manager and your named doctor. 2 Registration You will still need to visit the practice for your new patient health check in order to confirm your registration. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. If you require emergency necessary treatment please contact the Practice on 0208 699 2840. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All patients registered at Wells Park Practice have a named doctor who has overall responsibility for your care and support. If you choose to see another doctor at the surgery you are entirely free to go on doing so exactly as before As part of the commitment to more personalised care for patients, NHS Employers and the General Practitioners Committee of the British Medical Association have agreed that all patients will have a named accountable GP The Named GP will: Take lead responsibility for ensuring that all appropriate services required under the contract with the practice are delivered to you Where required, based on the professional judgement of the ‘named’ GP, work with relevant associated health and social care professionals to deliver a multidisciplinary care package that meets your needs. Ensure that your physical and psychological needs are recognised and responded to by the relevant clinicians in the practice Ensure that patients over 75 years of age have access to a health check if requested, which is already a requirement of the GP contract regulations. ​​​ The practice will ensure that there is a named accountable GP assigned to each patient. New patients will be allocated a GP at the time of registration. Your named accountable GP will be the same as your usual GP however this does not affect your ability to see any GP of your choice as you currently do The NHS App Wells Park Practice would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services Wells Park Practice 1 Wells Park Road Sydenham London SE26 6JQ Telephone: 0208 699 2840 PRACTICE INFO About Us Parkrun Practice GP Net Earnings Meet The Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends and Family Test You and Your General Practice LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint NHS RESOURCES Health A-Z Live Well Mental Health Social Care & Support Pregnancy NHS Services The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. YES NO