Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Chancery Lane | Vauxhall | Hampstead | West Hampstead Instagram Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Our Practices HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Register with the practice as a new patient Check you live within the boundary area We are happy to accept patient registrations from outside catchment area. However, please note that home visits will not be provided for patients living outside the practice boundary. You may request a home visit if you are housebound or are too ill to visit the practice. Your GP will only visit you at home if they think that your medical condition requires it and your location is within the catchment area and will also decide how urgently a visit is needed. Complete a New Patient Registration Form You can register with us regardless of where you live. When you register, it's helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Chancery Lane Register with Grays Inn Medical Group Chancery Lane Check you live within the boundary area Vauxhall Register with Grays Inn Medical Group Vauxhall Check you live within the boundary area Hampstead Register with Grays Inn Medical Group Hampstead Check you live within the boundary area West Hampstead Register with Grays Inn Medical Group West Hampstead Check you live within the boundary area Your Named GP All patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. About Us Policies Meet the Team Jobs Feedback & Complaints Contact You and Your General Practice Chancery Lane 77 Gray's Inn WC1X 8TS Telephone: 0207 405 9360 Care Quality Commission Rating: Good Vauxhall 8 Jonathan Street SE11 5NH Telephone: 0207 735 1971 Care Quality Commission Rating: Good Hampstead 5 Daleham Gardens NW3 5BY Telephone: 0203 112 0800 Care Quality Commission Rating: Good West Hampstead 80 Fortune Green Road NW6 1DS Telephone: 0203 435 5602 Care Quality Commission Rating: Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Instagram YES NO