Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content The Old Dairy Health Centre NHS GP Surgery in London Search the The Old Dairy Health Centre website Search Appointments Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Complaints & Feedback All our replies from our online consultation system go straight to your NHS App first. Please make sure you enable notifications to receive your responses as soon as possible! Home Services Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. We cannot accept patients outside of our catchment area. Our practice area covers most of the postcode SE21 and some of SE22 and SE27. Enter your postcode Search Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error You can also find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with this GP surgery. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Paper forms are still available if you need one. When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 30 October 2024 19B Croxted Road London SE21 8SZ Get directions 020 8761 8070 Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice The Old Dairy Health Centre CQC overall rating Good 29 March 2023 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies