Skip to content Upper Norwood Group Practice Chaucer House, 130 Church Road, Upper Norwood, London, SE19 2NT Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration Quote / Testimonial: To register a new patient you will need to live within our practice boundary. Catchment Area New Patient Registration Form If you would like to register with the practice please use this form. Non-urgent advice: New Patient Repeat Prescription Requests Please note we will not simply prescribe out repeat medications without reasonable proof of use. Please note we will not simply prescribe out repeat medications without reasonable proof of use. This is simply to ensure both accuracy and clinically necessity of medications and their doses that are prescribed (especially with reference to controlled medications). This particularly applies to any new patients whose notes have not been transferred from their previous surgeries. We will not give out any unlicensed medications at this surgery. Examples of proof are: Previous RECENT repeat prescriptions (i.e. the green paper scripts). The actual medication boxes with your printed label name on the box with details of the pharmacy you obtained the prescription from. Hospital letters that have your name and details with the names of the medication and doses you are on. About Our Surgery Our Practice Newsletters New Patient Registration DWP at Upper Norwood Group Practice South West London Integrated Care Board Change Personal Details Patient Participation Group (PPG) Register a Carer Meet the Team Accessing someone else’s information Friends & Family Test Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Upper Norwood Group Practice Chaucer House, 130 Church Road, Upper Norwood, London, SE19 2NT Get Directions 020 8771 6050 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm; Sa 9:00 am to 12:30 pm Upper Norwood Group Practice CQC overall rating Good 30 March 2017 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Upper Norwood Group Practice 2026