Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings PORTLAND MEDICAL CENTRE Translate Facebook Twitter Instagram Home Appointments Prescriptions About Our Surgery Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration The practice does not have a boundary for registrations. However, if you live far away from the practice, please see the services available to you in the Out of Area Registration section. We offer a single point of access for all our patients - online, by phone and walk-in. We triage all patients and ensure we allocate the right patient to the right pathway with the right clinician - first time. We respond to your queries in less than 24 working hours and offer face to face consultations to those who need it, within 72 hours. How to Register Complete a New Patient Registration Form Out of Area Registration Recent arrangements introduced by NHS England allow people greater choice when choosing a GP Practice. Patients may now register with any GP Practice outside the normal Practice area if they feel their services suits their needs. However, the practice has no obligation to provide home visits. Out of area registration is voluntary for GP Practices, meaning patients may be declined if they feel they are unable to support the patient’s needs adequately. The GP Practice will only register you without home visits if it is clinically appropriate and practical in your particular case. To do this we will: Ask you, or the practice you are currently registered with, questions about your health. Require you to use our Telephone and Video services. Ensure you are able to attend the practice if a face to face appointment is necessary. If accepted, you will be offered the full range of services provided as normal by the surgery: 24/7 symptom checker Online appointment booking Video / Telephone consultations Online prescription service However, if you have an urgent care need and the surgery cannot practically carry out a home visit, you may be required to call NHS 111 and they will put you in touch with a local service (this may be a face to face appointment with a local healthcare professional). We could decide that it is not in your best interests or practical for you to be registered in this way. In these circumstances we will advise you to register with a more local practice. If accepted but your health needs change, we may review your registration to and discuss with your whether it would be more appropriate for you to be registered with a GP Practice closer to your home. This arrangement only applies to GP Practices and patients who live in England. We would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. Find out more and download the app Visit the NHS website to learn more PRIDE IN PRACTICE SILVER 0.4g of CO2/view Website Carbon Cleaner than 58% of pages tested Armed Forces veteran friendly accredited GP practice Mental Health Aware MHFA England SAFE SURGERIES RESEARCH & SURVEILLANCE CENTRE Providing NHS Services CONTACT Portland Medical Centre 184 Portland Road South Norwood SE25 4QB THE PRACTICE Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Services Opening Hours The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Facebook Twitter Instagram YES NO