Cookies on this website This website would like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We'll also use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about how Google uses cookies. Accept Decline Richmond Medical Group South West London ICB Opening Times Search the Richmond Medical Group Sheen website Home Appointments Prescriptions Clinics & Services Register with our Practice Practice Team Contact Home Register with our Practice Register with our Practice You can register online using the following GP Registration Service: Sheen Lane Health Centre Quadrant House, Kew If you are unable to fill the form in online you can print the form below and bring to the practice or get a copy at the practice to fill out. PRF1-050723 (3) NEW REGISTRATION FORM PRF1 RMG Practice Leaflet 19 08 24 Catchment Area (Practice Boundary) You can search for your postcode by clicking the magnifier in the top right corner of the map, this will indicate whether you live within the boundary or not. Access to health records Application for Online Access Online Access Further reading on online access: Online Access Leaflet Patient Guidance Booklet Consent to Proxy Access to GP Online Services Proxy access allows a trusted person to access your medical record and perform certain actions through GP online services, such as requesting prescriptions. This is also required for parents to access these services on behalf of their children. Consent for proxy access for children must be renewed on the child’s 11th birthday and will automatically expire on the child’s 16th birthday. The form is available to collect from reception, or you may print it by following the link below. Please fill in the form and bring it to reception at one of our sites, we will need to see the individual(s) requesting access with a valid form of photo ID. RMG Proxy Consent Form Information governance: GDPR – Data Sharing Opt Out Form Note that by sending the form you will be transmitting information about your self across the Internet and although every effort is made to keep this information secure, no guarantee can be offered in this respect. Additional Information Carers Direct Coil Fitting GDPR/Data Patient Participation Group Physio Self Referral Thank You Travel Vaccinations English▼ Accessibility Support links You and Your General Practice Accessibility statement Contact us Cookies Privacy policy Data Processing Admin Login Dr Jezierski & Partners CQC overall rating Good 2 September 2016 See the report © SurgeryWeb 2026 | All Rights Reserved