Cookies on this website This website would like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We'll also use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about how Google uses cookies. Accept Decline Alert: Important CONTACTING THE PRACTICE If you are a patient needing to contact the Practice please submit an online triage form by clicking on the orange banner below. If you are unable to fill out the form please telephone the practice and a member of our team will fill out the form on your behalf. Many thanks Sheen Surgery Sheen Surgery South West London ICB Opening Times English▼ Search the Sheen Surgery website Home Appointments Prescriptions Clinics & Services Register with our Practice Practice Team Contact Home Register with our practice Register with our practice We very much welcome new patients at Sheen Surgery. 92% of our patients rate us as good or very good. The quickest way to register with our practice is to submit the online form. New Patient Registration Alternatively you can download and print the attached Paper Registration Form and bring it into the surgery. If you are a new or current patient and would like to access your medical records/order prescriptions/view test results please download the NHS App. Please click the link to find out more information- Access your NHS account – NHS (www.nhs.uk) Register Online Catchment Area (Practice Boundary) Named GP Named Accountable GP The practice is required to allocate all patients a named accountable GP. This is purely an administrative exercise in order that patients can have a named responsible GP should they require them. For convenience your named accountable GP will be the named doctor you are registered with. If you wish to be told the name of your accountable GP, please ask the receptionists when you are next in the surgery. Please note: there is no need to telephone the practice for this information. Having a named GP does not prevent you seeing any other doctor in the practice. Your named GP will not be available at all times and if your needs are urgent, you may need to discuss them with an alternative doctor. All patients registered at Sheen Surgery have been allocated a named accountable GP. Access to Health Records If you are a new or current patient and would like to access your medical records/order prescriptions/view test results please download the NHS App. Please click the link to find out more information- Access your NHS account – NHS (www.nhs.uk) Or you can fill in the online access form and bring to the practice with 2 forms of identification. One must be photo ID (passport/driving licence) and one must be proof of address. (Bank statement/council tax statement) which must be less than 3 months old. If you would like to request your medical records please put it in writing to the attention of the Practice Manager Alice Reilly Additional Information Bereavement Cervical Screening Changes on how we deal with requests for reports Child and Young Person's Mental Health Practioner Childhood Immunisations Community Independent Living Service Counselling Services Get a Sick (fit) note Health Visiting Service Hospital appointment waiting times Information Governance Kingston Hospital Patient Portal Mental Health Services New Patient Health check NHS App Non-NHS Services Patient Charter Patient Participation Group Physio Self-referral Practice Policies Richmond Talking Therapies Richmond Wellbeing services Self Referral Travel Information Woman's Trust English▼ Accessibility Support links You and Your General Practice Accessibility statement Contact us Cookies Privacy policy Data Processing Admin Login Dr Johnson & Partners CQC overall rating Good 29 September 2016 See the report © SurgeryWeb 2026 | All Rights Reserved