Skip to content Search this website Search Facebook Instagram Home Our Practice Register with the Practice Appointments Medication News Contact English▼ HomeRegister with the Practice Register with the Practice Registering with our practice is quick and easy. It only takes a few minutes to follow the link below and complete our registration form: Online Registration Form New Patient Registration We aim to confirm your registration within 24 hours (Monday to Friday). We accept patients from all areas and all our patients can access our same-day and routine appointments. We advise that you should be able to travel to the surgery for all face-to-face appointments as home visits are not available to out of area patients who are housebound or have or have significant mobility issues. Please see below to check our Practice catchment area. Catchment Area The Patient Charter Our Patient Charter outlines the standards of care you can expect from us, as well as the responsibilities we ask you to uphold when registering with the practice. It is designed to promote a respectful, safe, and effective partnership between patients and healthcare staff, ensuring the delivery of high-quality care for everyone. View our Patient Charter here Temporary Registration If you are planning to stay in the Wandsworth area for up to 3 month (e.g. work, family commitments) and will not have access to your GP at home, you may register temporarily. For more details about temporary registration, please contact the reception team on 0203 006 2741. What You Will Need to Register · Your current address and contact details · Your previous GP details · Your NHS number. Find you NHS number Contact Us: Reception: 0203 006 2741 Our phone lines are open: Monday to Friday 8am to 6:30pm Find Us: Main Site: 90-92 Garratt Lane, London, SW18 4DD Get Directions Hub site: Mapleton Crescent, London, SW18 4DH Get Directions Opening Times: Mon, Tues, Wed - 8am to 8pm Thurs & Fri - 8am to 6:30pm Sat - 9am to 1pm & 1pm to 4pm (By appointment only) Sunday - CLOSED English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Wandsworth Medical Centre 2026