Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Francis Grove Surgery NHS GP Surgery in Wimbledon Search the Francis Grove Surgery website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Translate this website Home Services Register with our surgery To register with the surgery: use the online registration service When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Catchment area When patients are determined to live outside of our practice boundary, they will not automatically be registered with the practice. As an organisation we need to consider the appropriateness of the registration. Whilst we understand that patients may work close to the practice or live near the practice for a proportion of their time, we still need to ensure that registering with us will not detrimentally affect their medical care and it is both clinically and practically appropriate for them to be registered. Consideration will be given to things such as: The patient being able to attend the Practice any working day, during opening hours. Whether the patient has any personal factors or any concerns about their own health where these issues may put them at risk of not being able to attend the Practice. The patient has complex clinical conditions where managing conditions would be difficult to manage remotely, registering with a practice out of area would compromise clinical care and or the patients’ needs would be better met with registering with a practice nearer to their home address. The patients current need to access any community health or social care (these are locally organised teams and services) The patient is easily able to attend the Practice to collect items such as prescriptions, blood test or x-ray forms and can make these arrangements for yourself. Patients live within the local Merton/Wandsworth area, with the same community services / teams as those around the Practice. You can also find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. In order to support our decision making we may ask the patient or their current practice (with the patients consent) questions to help inform whether to register you as an out of area patient. The registration of out of area patients is at our discretion and if we feel that after registering the patient, that their care needs are more complex, then we can review their registration and ask them to register at a GP closer to home. If you do reside outside of the boundary, we will not be able to undertake home visits for you. Whilst we may well accept you as a patient if you do not live within our catchment area, you will not be entitled to home visits and If you live outside of Merton, this may affect access to services we would usually refer to. Before filling out a registration form, check if you live in our catchment area so you can decide if you want to register with us or a GP closer to where you live. Whilst we try to process all registrations with 7 days, registrations for patients that reside outsdie of our catchment area may take longer due to the above process. Please use the map below to check if you reside with out cathment area: Enter your postcode Search Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Temporary Patients Registration Form A temporary patient is someone who needs to register with a practice temporarily who cannot access their own GP Practice. Generally, if your own GP Practice is within a 50 mile radius, we would expect you to attend there unless the issue is an emergency (see immediately necessary below). If you are visiting the area and require immediate and necessary treatment, you will need to register as a temporary patient. If you would like to register only as a temporary patient and remain registered at your usual GP practice, please visit the practice to complete a temporary registration form. We can then confirm whether we can assist you by telephone. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. Where a temporary registration is not suitable Repeat medication: You can ask your current GP practice to send a repeat prescription electronically to a local pharmacy via EPS. Ongoing treatments such as mental health issues or health checks; local services will usually only see those residing in the area; continuity of care and patient safety advises that patients see their regular GP for ongoing issues. A problem where you can talk to a GP on the phone. There is no reason that this cannot take place with the Practice you are registered at. Immediately Necessary Treatment Patients This is for patient’s outside their normal GP’s area who cannot attend their normal GP practice and need to receive emergency treatment from a local GP practice. Related information Everyone in the UK has the right to free care from a GP. If you don’t have proof of ID or address, you can still register. Immigration status or nationality don’t matter – reception won’t ask for immigration documents and won’t share your information with the Home Office unless serious crime is involved. View this statement in other languages In partnership with Doctors of the World UK, we will ensure that our practice offers a welcoming space for everyone who seeks to use our services. Named GP 8 Francis Grove Wimbledon SW19 4DL Get directions 0208 971 5640 Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Francis Grove Surgery CQC overall rating Good 29 October 2025 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies