Skip to content Search this website Search Online Services Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact us HomeOur PracticeNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration Register online Registration will be faster and easier if you have your personal information ready. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number to register online with a GP. Click here to register online. Register in Person You can also visit the practice to complete the registration forms manually. It would be helpful if you filled in the the relevant New Patient Questionnaire (Adult / Child under 16) before coming to the practice. Out of Area Registration (OOAR) Bedford Hill Family Practice has signed up to the Out of Area Registration Scheme. These arrangements mean you can register at the practice even if you live outside of the practice catchment area. However, registering as an OOAR patient means that the practice will not have an obligation to provide home visits. Also, in some cases we may decide that it’s not clinically appropriate or in the patients’ best interest to be registered this way. In these circumstances we may advise patients to register with a practice closer to where they live. For more information, please talk to one of the Receptionists. To register online, click on the link below Start Registration Catchment Area Temporary Registration If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Our Practice About Bedford Hill Family Practice Ask us a question Patient Group Training Practice New Patient Registration Clinics and Services Contact us Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Bedford Hill Family Practice 120 Bedford Hill, Balham, SW12 9HS Get Directions 020 8673 1720 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 8:00 pm; Sa 9:00 am to 5:00 pm Follow the practice on Facebook Bedford Hill Family Practice CQC overall rating Good 20 July 2022 See the report You and your general practice English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Bedford Hill Family Practice 2026