This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy Decline Allow cookies Tel: 020 7228 1619 Providing care, compassion and quality Menu New Patients We are always delighted to welcome new patients to the Falcon Road Medical Centre. Although we do not have a strict catchment area, we do prefer our patients to live within a reasonable distance to the surgery in order that we can access the right services for you and your family. Please see below for details about how to register here. We welcome new patients to the Falcon Road Medical Centre. Click here to register online How to register All new patients and parents of children over the age of 5 will be asked to make an appointment with our health care assistant for a health check. This is important as we need to know if you have any medical conditions or other health needs. This ensures we can provide you with the right help and services. Please download and complete a "New Patient Health Questionnaire" and the "New Patient Consent Form". Please bring these with you to the New Patient Health Check. If you are registering or wish to act for a patient as a Proxy and wish to use our online access, then you should also complete a "Patient Online Proxy Consent" form. That may all seem like a lot of paperwork, but the forms are quite simple and easy to complete. If you are under the age of 16, we prefer you to bring an adult over the age of 18 with you. If you have children under the age of 5 years please bring your child's complete immunisation records. These can be found in your child's red book. You will need the following in order to register GMS1 form download here or collect from surgery. Please ensure you complete all sections or the Health Authority cannot process your application and this will cause you an inconvenient delay. Once completed please hand in the form to reception together with the following information Proof of identity (e.g. passport, driving licence) Proof of address (e.g. recent utility bill, bank statement, rental agreement) NHS number if possible Details of any medication you are taking Children under 5 - immunisation record (in your child's red book) Here is our registration policy. Are you entitled to register as an NHS patient? You must currently be resident in the UK. This means that you must have lived here, or intend to live here, for at least 6 months. If you have any queries about how to register or need help to do so, please contact one of our reception staff who can help you through the process of registration. Surgery Opening Hours Monday 08:00 - 18:30 Tuesday 08:00 - 18:30 Wednesday 08:00 - 18:30 Thursday 08:00 - 18:30 Friday 08:00 - 18:30 Saturday 09:00 - 12:00 (By appointment only) Falcon Road Medical Centre 47 Falcon Rd, Battersea, London SW11 2PH Tel: 020 7228 1619 Fax: 020 7924 3375 Privacy Policy Designed and Produced by Medical Web Designs