Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Liberty Bridge Road Practice Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Register as a new patient at Liberty Bridge Road Practice Our registration process Thank you for choosing to register with us. In order to register you need to live in the London Borough of Newham. If you live outside this area, your registration will be considered out of area and you will not have access to certain domiciliary services, such as home visits from a GP. Please contact us to discuss what it will mean for you to be an ‘out of area’ patient. Our practice is offering online registration, this is open to all residents in Newham. If you want to come in person to register, we will be happy to help you. Please check that your postcode is within our catchment area. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Need a doctor? New patients are welcome now Receive high-quality care from a team you can trust. Whether you need ongoing support, same-day appointments, or urgent temporary registration, we’re here for you. Register online in minutes or visit us Monday to Friday at reception. Register now Temporary registration If you’re ill while away from home or not registered with a GP, you can get emergency treatment from a local GP for up to 14 days. After that, you’ll need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be a temporary patient for up to 3 months. This lets you use a local GP while staying registered with your usual one. After 3 months, you must either register again or become a permanent patient at that practice. To register, contact the GP practice you want to visit. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the same area where you’re already registered. Temporary Registration Form Frequently asked questions Out of area registration scheme What do I do to register as an out-of-area patient? The NHS app Your named GP Did you find what you were looking for? Tell us about your experience by leaving feedback. Rate This Page Contact Liberty Bridge Road Practice 40 Liberty Bridge Road East Village Stratford E20 1AS Telephone: 0203 148 7410 Part of Hurley Group The Practice About Us Opening Hours Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Our Services Latest News You and Your General Practice Quick Links Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Complaints & Feedback Health Resources Self Help Health A to Z Medicines A to Z Live Well Mental Health The NHS Website Providing NHS Services Care Quality Commission Rating: Good Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. All rights reserved. YES NO