Manage Cookie Consent To make our website work efficiently and to provide our website visitors with a good experience when using the website, we use cookies. Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Consenting to cookies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs. We only share this data with organisations that provide services to the NHS. Not consenting or withdrawing consent to cookies may adversely affect certain features and functions of our website. Please also see the practice’s privacy policy as this may differ to the GPsurgery.net network privacy policy. Accept Deny View preferences Cookie Information Privacy Wordsworth Health Centre Search for: Skip to content Home Appointments Prescriptions Services Team Patient Info Care & Support About Patient Group Home Patient Information Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Please click on the magnifying glass and enter your Post code in the Search box to check if you are within the Practice’s catchment area. If you are within the catchment area, your address will be in the highlighted purple area on the map. Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: Please visit the website: https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F84074 download and complete a Patient Registration Form (GMS1) visit reception from 10am to 6pm and collect a paper registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Once the application for new patient registration is submitted, it takes about 14 working days to get registered. We will notify once you are registered on our system. Named GP All patients at Wordsworth Health Centre have a named, accountable doctor who is responsible for coordinating their care. Your named doctor will be allocated to you by the practice. You can still talk to or make appointments to see any of our doctors or nurses, not just your named GP. If you have a preference and would like to request a particular doctor at the practice to be your named GP please talk to one of our receptionists. Safe Surgery We are proud to be a ‘Safe Surgery’ for everyone in our community. All are welcome. Please click on the poster below for more information. Safe Surgeries Date published: 18th July, 2022 Date last updated: 4th April, 2024 Helpful links: North East London Integrated Care Board NHS 111 Patient.info NHS Choices GP Patient Survey You and your general practice Accessibility Privacy policy Read our CQC Remedial Notice dated July 2023 Wordsworth Health Centre CQC overall rating Good 3 January 2025 See the report GPsurgery.net © 2026 Manage consent