Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Register with Custom House Surgery as a new patient Introductory registration information If you are a new patient wishing to register with us, you can do so by completing our online registration form below. Before registering, please note that we can only accept patients who live within our practice boundary area. You can check this by entering your postcode into the postcode checker below. If you are within our catchment area, you will be directed to the registration form How to register Check you live within the boundary area The doctors welcome new patients who live within our practice area. You can register online or by completing a registration form that can be obtained from the practice. We would like all new patients above the age of 5 to attend a New Patient Medical with the Nurse or Healthcare Assistant. This is very helpful in giving us sufficient initial information about each new patient. To register, please bring with you your proof of address, photographic ID, details of your previous GP and your NHS number if you have this. Patients under the age of 16 should also bring details of their Childhood Immunisations. To access our registration process, first check you are in our catchment area. If you have any questions about your eligibilty join this surgery please contact us. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap New patient medical Before joining our Practice, you will need to attend a first appointment with one of our Healthcare Assistants. During this visit, we will ask a few questions about your medical history. You will also have a simple health check with our Healthcare Assistant. Before booking your registration appointment, please ensure that all required forms have been completed. If you were previously registered with another GP practice and take regular medication, please bring a copy of your most recent prescription with you. You will only be able to book an appointment with a doctor once your registration has been completed. Once registered, you may choose to see any of our GPs. Temporary services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. See further information on Temporary Registration Your named GP All patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. Providing NHS Services CONTACT Custom House Surgery 16 Freemasons Road Custom House London E16 3NA Telephone: 020 7476 2255 THE PRACTICE Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Complaints & Feedback QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Personal Details Our Services The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright -->