Cookies on the Lathom Road Medical Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Lathom Road Medical Centre 2a Lathom RoadE6 2DU020 8548 5640 CQC Rating: Good Language Search Search Home Appointments Services Prescriptions News Patient Info PPG Staff About the surgery Contact Us Home Services Services Registering with the surgery Find out how to join the surgery. Clinics View what clinics we offer. Getting test results Find out how to view or ask questions about your test results. Getting a fit (sick) note Request a sick note if you've been sick for more than 7 days. Changing your contact details Update your name, address, phone numbers or email address. Carers support Being a carer can be challenging and it can take its toll on an individual. If you are a carer, there are plenty of support available for you here at the surgery. Vaccinations This guide can help you understand the vaccines offered in the UK and when to have them. It also explains how they work and why they're safe and important. Accessing your health record Find out about the types of records and how to access them. Accessing someone else’s information (Proxy access) As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. Managing your health online (online services) There are many things you can do online at our surgery. Healthy living NHS advice about healthy living, including eating a balanced diet, healthy weight, exercise, quitting smoking and drinking less alcohol. Services near me Find a NHS service near you. Self-referral Refer yourself to a health service such as talking therapies without having to see a GP first. Page last reviewed: 04 June 2026 Page created: 10 April 2024 Support links You and Your General Practice GP earnings Patient participation group Complaints and feedback Privacy policy Surgery policies and procedures Vision & values Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map Sign in 2026 Built by My Surgery Website