Cookies on the Star Lane Medical Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Star Lane Medical Centre CQC Rating: Good Menu Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Contact Us Language Our AI call handler EMMA Thank you for your patience whilst we implement our new AI digital support system. We are working closely with the team at Quantum Loop AI to feedback any issues patients are facing. The syst Find out more Dismiss Home Join the surgery Join the surgery Non-urgent advice: REGISTER ONLINE HERE 🔗 ONLINE REGISTRATION FORM Practice Boundary Check Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Newborn & Children It is important for new born children to have a 6 week check, please contact us to book this once registered. A birth certificate is not needed to register a new-born. If immunisations were done overseas, please provide us a translated copy: reception.slmc@nhs.net Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access, please collect a proxy access form from reception from 9am to 5pm. Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Page last reviewed: 15 March 2024 Page created: 15 March 2024 Further Information You and Your General Practice Statement of Purpose Complaints and feedback GP earnings Patient Participation Group Surgery policies and procedures SLMC Privacy Notice Connect With Us Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map