Cookies on this website This website would like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We'll also use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about how Google uses cookies. Accept Decline Abbey Road Medical Practice North East London ICB 0208 534 2515 Opening Times English▼ Search the Abbey Road Medical Practice website Home Appointments Prescriptions Clinics & Services Register with our Practice Practice Team Contact Home Register with our practice Register with our practice Our practice is offering online registration services. To register, please visit https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F84111/gpregistration/landing, enter your postcode and choose from the selection. You will be asked to fill a form and submit your personal information so we can register you. Your registration will be processed within 2 working days. If you would like to come in person to register, we will be happy to help you. Please check that your postcode is within our catchment area. You do not have to show any ID or proof of address to register. Register Online Catchment Area (Practice Boundary) You can search for your postcode by clicking the magnifier in the top right corner of the map, this will indicate whether you live within the boundary or not. Named GP In order to satisfy patient choice, you have been allocated a named doctor whom you can see and who is responsible for your overall care. However, you are not obliged to see your named doctor; if you prefer, we have other equally qualified doctors available to see you. If you would like to know who they are, please contact the surgery. Access to Health Records You can now access your medical records online. Practice Policy for Access to Medical Records Online Access to Medical Records Proxy Access Form Additional Information Advice and Refer Carers CCTV Privacy Notice Chaperones Contraception Clinic Covid Vaccinations Duty Of Candour Health & Safety Statement Infection Control Non-NHS services Patient Participation Group Travel Vaccinations Wellbeing Resources Practice Leaflet Newham Children Centres English▼ Accessibility Support links You and Your General Practice Accessibility statement Contact us Cookies Privacy policy Data Processing Admin Login Abbey Road Medical Practice CQC overall rating Good 10 May 2021 See the report © SurgeryWeb 2026 | All Rights Reserved