Skip to main content Cookies on the Dr. E. Ruiz and Dr. N. Joarder website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Dr. E. Ruiz and Dr. N. Joarder CQC Rating: Good Menu Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Contact Us Home Join the surgery Join the surgery Register with the surgery Catchment area - Newham Borough Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. To register fill out an online registration form visit reception and collect a paper registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. You need to provide us with a copy of proof of address and a photo ID. Practice Boundary Check Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access, please collect a proxy access form from reception from 9am to 5pm. Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Newborn & Children It is important for new born children to have a 6 week check, please contact us to book this once registered. A birth certificate is not needed to register a new-born. If immunisations were done overseas, please provide us a translated copy: stlukes.medicalcentre@nhs.net Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Page last reviewed: 15 September 2026 Page created: 30 April 2025 Further Information Useful contacts Patient participation group Complaints and feedback GP earnings Surgery policies and procedures Privacy policy Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map