Skip to content Central Park Surgery Hartley Health Centre, 269 Barking Road, London, E6 1FL Search this website Search Online Services Home How to book Appointments Prescriptions About Our Practice Health Information News Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with Central Park Surgery. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Paper forms are still available if you need one. Non-urgent advice: Central Park Surgery is proud to be a Safe Surgery In recognition of the barriers to healthcare access faced by people in vulnerable circumstances, including migrants, we commit to protecting the human right to health. We will take steps to ensure that everyone in our community may fulfill their entitlement to quality healthcare. In partnership with Doctors of the World UK, we will ensure that our practice offers a welcoming space for everyone who seeks to use our services. Mindful of our duties to uphold equality and human rights law, we will implement patient registration policies which do not discriminate based on race, gender, sexual orientation, immigration status or any other characteristic. Supported by the Safe Surgeries initiative, we will ensure that our staff understand the specific barriers faced by migrants in vulnerable circumstances and that they are empowered to mitigate these barriers, where possible. We will ensure that a lack of identification or proof of address, immigration status or language do not prevent patient registration. As a member of the Safe Surgeries community, we will endeavour to support other Safe Surgeries and, where appropriate, provide feedback to Doctors of the World UK to support the development of the network. Catchment Area Temporary Patient Registrations Non-English Speakers Find Your NHS Number Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Central Park Surgery Hartley Health Centre, 269 Barking Road, London, E6 1FL Get Directions 020 3668 0788 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Central Park Surgery CQC overall rating Good 7 February 2019 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Central Park Surgery 2026