Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Translate About Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Services News & Events Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration We are currently accepting new patient registrations - please contact us or register online to join our practice. If you are experiencing any issues with submitting your registration, please visit the practice and a member of staff will support you COMPLETE AN ONLINE REGISTRATION FORM Registration Forms When filling in the registration form it is important that the form is fully completed to comply with the Health Authority requirements: Previous surname (if any) Town and country of birth Home address with postcode Telephone number Previous address Name and address of previous GP If appropriate, date of arrival in the UK Once the forms are submitted and reviewed by our team, you will be registered within 7 working days. Consultation with the Healthcare Assistant Before a patient is accepted he/she must attend a consultation with our Healthcare Assistant; this is very helpful in providing us with brief information about your medical history. Afterwards you will then have a simple examination carried out by our Practice Nurse. This process will allow you to get to know our Practice and enable you to decide whether you wish to join our Practice. Prior to booking a new registration appointment please remember to fill in this section if it applies: If you were previously registered with another GP and are on repeat medication, please also bring the back-page of your prescription You can only see the doctor once this registration process has been completed When you are registered with the Practice you are free to see any of our GPs. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. The NHS App Woodgrange Medical Practice would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP STEP BY STEP INSTRUCTIONS HOW TO USE THE NHS APP VIDEOS Providing NHS Services Woodgrange Medical Practice 40 Woodgrange Road Forest Gate London E7 0QH Telephone: 020 8221 3100 PRACTICE INFO About Us GP Net Earnings Meet The Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies You and Your General Practice LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Services Opening Times FAQs Administration Appointments External Healthcare Maternity Seeing A Specialist Privately Vaccinations © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. YES NO