New Patients - Market Street Health Group Skip to content Please note that our new website is currently under development. We appreciate your patience during this process NHS Logo Market Street Health Group 52 Market Street, East Ham, London, E6 2RA | Tel: 020 8548 2200 Menu Search Search this website Search Close Search Online Services Menu Close Menu Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact Home About Our Surgery New Patients Back to About Our Surgery New Patients How to Join You can register here and remain on the list only if you live in the practice area, which consists of some E6 plus some E13 postcodes and is contained within the District Tube line to the north, the A406 to the east and the A13 to the south. You may be able to stay on the list if you move to some other parts of E6 south of the A13. Online Registration Form Register online as a new patient at Market Street Health Group by completing the form below. A member of staff may need to call you to confirm certain aspects. This form is available below. You will need to produce proof of address and identification, complete some forms and attend for a New Patient Check appointment which the Receptionist will book for you. This is very helpful in giving us important information to base your care on. Please register your baby as soon after birth as we can book your baby in for a 6 week check with the doctor. For children please bring their FULL BIRTH CERTIFICATE( This certificate has both parents and child’s details on same document), Red Book or any other Immunisation booklet at registration. To register, simply click the link below and complete the online form. We look forward to welcoming you to our practice and supporting your healthcare needs. Click here to register with us. Practice Boundary Map Catchment Area Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Thank you for your feedback. Market Street Health Group 52 Market Street, East Ham, London, E6 2RA Get Directions 020 8548 2200 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Accessibility --> Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Market Street Health Group 2026