New Patients - Birchdale Road Medical Centre Skip to content NHS Logo Birchdale Road Medical Centre 2 Birchdale Road, Forest Gate, London, E7 8AR | 02084 721600 Menu Search Search this website Search Close Search Online Services Menu Close Menu Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact Home About Our Surgery New Patients Back to About Our Surgery New Patients Registration with the practice All new patients are offered a health check with a member of our healthcare team. This ensures that any necessary tests are up to date and that we have an accurate record of any repeat medication you may be taking. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. For further information, please contact reception. When filling out the registration form, it is important to complete all fields to comply with Health Authority requirements: Previous surname (if any) Town and country of birth Home address with postcode Telephone number Previous address Name and address of previous GP If applicable, date of arrival in the UK Once your completed forms are submitted and reviewed by our team, you will be registered within 7 working days . Accountable Named GP The accountable named GP for patients registered at the practice is Dr M.S. Esmail , who is responsible for overseeing your overall care. Patients may book appointments with any GP at the practice. While we will always try to accommodate requests, we cannot guarantee that you will see a specific doctor. For further information, please contact reception. Online Registration Form Catchment Area Find Your NHS Number Sometimes when filling in online forms or speaking with our staff, you may be asked for your NHS number. This online tool will help you find your number if you do not know it. Start Now Please Note You do not need to know your NHS number to use NHS services, but it can be useful to have it. Other ways to get your NHS number If you cannot get your NHS number online you can: find it on any letter from the NHS like a prescription or appointment letter call your GP surgery and ask them for your number Temporary Patient Registrations If you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. To register as a temporary resident you will need to contact the surgery and complete and return this form You can register as a temporary resident with a GP in England if you are in the area for longer than 24 hours, but less than three months. For further information visit Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Thank you for your feedback. Accessibility --> Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Birchdale Road Medical Centre 2026