Westbury Road Medical Practice - 32 Westbury Road, London , E7 8BU Skip to main content Language Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Kannada Korean Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish 020 8472 4123 Text Size Increase Text Size Decrease Text Size Reset Text Size Westbury Road Medical Practice Search Show Main Menu Home Appointments Prescriptions Services Carers Fit notes & Sick notes Join the Practice Online Consult Social Prescriber Test Results Services Index Surgery Information Friends and Family Test GDPR GP Net Earnings Mission and Vision News Opening Times Our Team Personal Information Practice Charter Practice Leaflet Suggestions and Complaints Surgery Information Index Health Information & Support COVID-19 & Flu Find your NHS number Health A to Z Live Well Medicines A to Z NHS 111 Online Useful Contacts Useful Links Health Information & Support Index Contact Us Latest News GP Tutor of the Year Award GP Tutor of the Year 2022/23 Cervical Smear more capacity Enhanced Access Service HPV Self Sampling Pause news ticker Consult with your GP Online Appointment Request a Repeat Prescription Opening Times Contact Us New Patient Registration Phlebotomy Service Fit notes & Sick notes NHS 111 Online Cervical Smear Well Newham How your pharmacy can help (EXTERNAL PDF LINK) Welcome to Westbury Road Medical Practice Important: Changes to How We Book Appointments: Starting from 1st April 2026 We’re making some changes to how appointments are booked at Westbury Road Medical Practice to meet new NHS England requirements and to help us care for you more effectively. Until now, appointments have been offered on a first-come, first-served basis. From April 2026, we’ll be moving to a new system that makes sure patients are seen based on their clinical needs and helps provide better continuity of care. We also want to reduce the 8am rush and make it fairer for everyone, so you’ll get the same service whether you contact us by phone, online, or in person. From the 1st April 2026 all enquiries, either by phone, in person, or online, to the Practice will be entered into our online system. Patient enquiries will then be reviewed and appointments allocated based on medical priority. We will contact you on the same working day with the plan for your care. Please note that request submitted outside of our normal working hours will be reviewed on our next working day. Important: Dr Saidur Rahman We are pleased to inform you all that Dr Saidur Rahman has been awarded "GP Tutor of the Year 2023/2024" by Queen Mary University of London for the outstanding contribution to the MBBS Community Based Medical Education Teaching. Dr Saidur Rahman has been also nominated by Queen Mary University Medical Students Union for the "Clinician of the Year 2023/24 Award " in recognition of his exceptional teaching and dedication to his Medical Students. View the award here We provide routine surgeries and a number of specialist clinics to promote better health by giving advice on diet, exercise, immunisation, routine screening for cervical, smoking and alcohol consumption and child health surveillance. You and your general practice You and your general practice is a national guide on what you can expect from your GP surgery. It also explains what you can do to get the best from the NHS. Last Updated 25 Mar 2026 Friends and Family Test Participate in the Friends and Family Test Practice News 19 May 2025 GP Tutor of the Year Award We are pleased to inform you all that Dr Saidur Rahman has been awarded "GP Tutor of the Year 2023/2024" by Queen Mary University of London 05 Jan 2024 GP Tutor of the Year 2022/23 It’s a great pleasure to let you know that Dr Saidur Rahman have been awarded the GP Tutor of the Year Award 2022/23 by Queen Mary University of London 08 Sep 2023 Cervical Smear more capacity We have recruited New Nurse who will be working every Monday Afternoon and Friday mornings to improve the smear uptake and provide extra clinics for the patients. Health Conditions A to Z a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Information from the Care Quality Commission Our practice is inspected by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) to ensure we are meeting essential standards of quality and safety. This widget provides a summary of the results of the latest checks carried out by the CQC. The practice would like to thank the various advertisers who have helped to produce this Website. However, it must be pointed out that the accuracy of any statements cannot be warranted, nor any products or services advertised, be guaranteed or endorsed. Local Services Counselling Site Sign In Sitemap Back To Top About Disclaimer Website Privacy Website Accessibility Cookies Content Attribution Contact Westbury Road Medical Practice 32 Westbury Road, London , E7 8BU 020 8472 4123 westbury.road@nhs.net © Neighbourhood Direct Ltd 2026 GP Practice Website by Oldroyd Publishing Group Loading... Pause Local Services Counselling