Register with Us - Lucas Avenue Practice Skip to main navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Important: Measles Alert Following a recent outbreak of measles in London, we strongly advise all parents and carers to ensure that children are fully immunised with the MMR vaccine. For further information: lucasavenuepractice.co.uk/news/measles/ Get support from your GP For the fastest, most convenient way to access our GP services. Request support from your GP Close Lucas Avenue Practice 020 8471 7239 lucasavenue.practice@nhs.net Show main navigation Close main navigation Home Register with Us Appointments Prescriptions Services Vaccinations Long Term Conditions Online Services Patient Education Referrals to Other Health and Social Care Services Prescriptions for Medications and Medication Reviews Examinations and Treatment Advice & Information About Us About Us Operose Health Family CQC Rating Statement of Purpose Our Staff Integrated Care Board Research Friends and Family Test Practice News Patient Participation Group GP Earnings Patient Information Home Visits Sick Notes Test Results Accessibility Complaints Special Requirements Out of Hours Patient Proxy Shared Care Requests You and your General Practice Additional Resources Non NHS Services Forms and Letters NHS Health A-Z Information Contact Us Toggle Search Search for: Easy online registration - join our practice! Home / Register with Us Register with Us Looking for a friendly, reliable GP practice? We’re here to provide you and your family with great care, when and where you need it. Start a new registration form At Lucas Avenue Practice, we make it easy to register as a new patient. Whether you’re new to the area, switching practices, or registering for the first time, our team is ready to welcome you. Our goal is to deliver great primary care by improving access, outcomes and patient experience, and we’re proud to do this by living our values every day: caring, ambitious, resourceful, and committed to excellence. Join us today and get the care you deserve. ✅ Quick online registration ✅ Friendly, professional team ✅ Support for your whole health journey Register Online Now It is helpful to have your NHS number when registering with us. If you are unsure of your NHS number, please click on the link below View NHS number Primary Sidebar Service provided by Safe Surgeries Initiative We are a Safe Surgery – everyone in our community is welcome at our practice. Everyone living in England has the right to free care from a GP and we work hard to make sure no one in our community is excluded from healthcare. This means that: When you register with our GP Practice, we might ask for ID or proof of address. However, if you don’t have any and you live in our practice area, you can still register with us. Your nationality or immigration status does not affect your right to register with us. We won’t ask you for immigration documents when you register at our practice. If you are worried about giving us your address, please let us know. Your information is safe with us. Practice boundary We accept registrations from patients in the local area. If you are unsure if you live in our boundary area, please click on the link below or call us on 020 8471 7239. See boundary checker here. Footer Lucas Avenue Practice is delivered by AT Medics Limited, part of the Operose Health Group, on behalf of North East London ICB. Operose Health Services Limited is a company registered in England and Wales, number 10014577. Registered office: 108 High Street, Great Missenden, England, HP16 0BG Key Links Friends and Family Test Complaints Special Requirements Patient Proxy Site by Accessibility Equality and Diversity Policy Freedom of Information Act Privacy Policy Patient Confidentiality Zero Tolerance Policy We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Save Settings