Skip to content Search this website Search NHS App EN Home News Clinics & Services About Us NHS App Health Information Contact Patient Charter HomeNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration Practice Boundary To register as a new patient you will need to live within our practice boundary, please enter your postcode below to ensure that you live within our Practice Boundary before attempting to register with the practice; If your postcode falls within our boundary please submit the below form. We also accept patients from Inglis Barracks and the neighbouring roads: Millbrook Park, Inglis Way, Guardhouse and India Way. Catchment Area Special Circumstances Pre-register Online Download the Forms Organ Donation Immediately Necessary Treatment Temporary Services We can only accept patients who are based within our boundary area. Acceptance on to the list is as at the discretion of the Doctor and we will ask you for proof of identity. Please note that your medical records may take several weeks to arrive at the Practice. There are a number of reasons why you may not be able to register with your chosen GP, for example you may live too far away. If this is the case simply choose another GP in your local area. We have the right to refuse to register patients if they have a violent flag against their record. Special Circumstances We understand that it might be difficult for some people to fill in this form or to provide the personal or address identification that we request. Please call the surgery on 0208 959 0888 and we will do our best to help you. Visit NHS UK to view information on NHS GPs services and Registering with a GP. Visa if you have just entered the country, your visa needs to be for a minimum of a 6 month stay to register at the surgery. Pre-register Online Step 1: Complete online registration form Our online registration form will collect your details, a brief outline of your medical history and record your preferences. This information may be added to your record and will allow us to begin to provide you with medical services. Please complete one form for each family member. Register online here Step 2: Upload scans of photo identity and proof of address Download the Forms If you would rather submit your application to register personally please download and complete the forms below. New Patient Registration Form Under 16 Registration Form Download a form to opt out of having a Summary Care Record (SCR) or opt out of additional information being included in the SCR. SCR Patient Organ Donation From 2020, adults in England will be considered potential donors unless they choose to opt out or are excluded. For more information please visit the Organ Donation NHS UK where you can also register your decision. Immediately Necessary Treatment If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from our Practice for up to 14 days. After 14 days, you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local Practice you wish to use; practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment, you cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Temporary Services Registration Millway Medical Practice 2 Hartley Ave, London, NW7 2HX Get Directions 020 8959 0888 Millway Medical Practice CQC overall rating Good 17 October 2019 See the report Follow us on Instagram! Instagram English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Millway Medical Practice 2026