Skip to content The Hodford Road Surgery 73 Hodford Road Golders, Green London, NW11 8NH Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration Quote / Testimonial: If you live within the practice area (mostly NW11 and parts of surrounding postcodes) you are welcome to join the practice. To check if you live in our Practice Catchment Area please enter your postcode below. Catchment Area How to Register Register Online Non-urgent advice: The fastest way to register as a new patient with our practice is to use the Register Online link above. This will redirect you to the NHS new patient registration page where you can enter your details. Your registration will be processed without you needing to visit the practice and without having to print any forms. If you are not able to complete your registration online, it is possible to register in person. You will need to complete 3 forms the GMS1, the questionnaire and the summary care record opt-in/opt-out. You need to bring the 3 completed forms to the surgery, in case of no printer being available we can provide the forms here at the surgery. We shall also ask for some form of identity and proof of address (originals only) as noted on the health questionaire. It takes up to 5 working days for us to turn this around after which we shall be in touch with you. Once registered you can see any of the doctors or other health care practitioners who work here. If you move outside the practice area you will need to re-register with another local practice. New Patient GMS1 Form New Patient Questionnaire (Adult) New Patient Questionnaire (Under 16’s) Summary Care Record Opt In and Out About Our Surgery Patient Participation Group Change of Address/Personal Details New Patient Registration Accessing someone else’s information Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? The Hodford Road Surgery 73 Hodford Road, Golders Green, London, NW11 8NH Get Directions 020 8905 5234 Monday to Friday 8:00am to 6:30pm Hodford Road Surgery CQC overall rating Good 26 February 2026 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Hodford Road Surgery 2026