Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Stanley Corner Medical Centre NHS GP in Wembley Search the Stanley Corner Medical Centre website Search Register with the surgery Services Appointments Prescriptions About the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery Registering with the surgery To register with our surgery: use the NHS register with a GP surgery: Stanley Corner Medical Centre service online In some cases, if we are unable to complete your registration using the information provided, we may need to verify your identity. If this is necessary, we may ask you to provide one of the following forms of identification: Passport Birth Certificate ID Card When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Out-of-practice boundary area registration Where it is clinically appropriate and practical to register, we now accept new registrations from patients outside our registration area. You can still see your clinician if you live outside the practice area, but if you need a home visit, please contact NHS111 to be seen by a practice closer to where you live. For further information about this type of registration, don’t hesitate to get in touch with us on 0208 902 3887 or come into the practice. Temporary residents If you have visitors who need urgent treatment, we may be able to see them as temporary residents. Please ask at reception. Safe surgery We are proud to be a safe surgery for everyone in our community and pledge to ensure that everyone in our community receives the quality healthcare they are entitled to. In partnership with Doctors of the World UK, we will ensure that our practice offers a welcoming space for everyone who seeks to use our services. We will ensure that a lack of identification, proof of address, or immigration status does not prevent patient registration. As a member of the Safe Surgeries community, we will endeavour to support other Safe Surgeries and the development of the network. Don’t have documents? Don’t worry, view the safe surgeries documents poster (PDF) for more information. For more information on what it means to be a Safe Surgery, please view the safe surgeries welcome poster (PDF). If you wish to register, please speak to a member of staff who can help and support you with the registration process. Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 24 July 2026 1-3 Stanley Avenue Wembley Middlesex HA0 4JF Get directions 0208 902 3887 Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Stanley Corner Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 11 July 2016 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies