Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Uxendon Crescent Surgery NHS GP surgery in London Search the Uxendon Crescent Surgery website Search Register with the surgery Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Register with the surgery online Register with Uxendon Crescent Surgery When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Acceptable identification includes: Passport Birth certificate HC2 certificate Rough sleepers’ identity badge Hostel registration/mail forwarding letter Until we have seen your identification you will not be registered at the practice. How to register your new baby You need to register your new baby at the practice as soon as possible. Therefore, please download and complete a paper registration form and send it to your surgery. Please ensure you provide your baby’s NHS Number which will be detailed in their red book. Once we have received the form we will register your baby as a patient at this practice. The practice will send you an appointment for a mother and baby post-natal check. This is a 30 minute appointment, 20 minutes for the baby check and 10 minutes for the post-natal. Your baby’s course of routine immunisations will start at 8 weeks and will be given at this appointment. Please remember to bring the red book. If you cannot make this appointment you must notify reception as soon as possible. Please be advised that if you do need to cancel, the next available appointment may be anything up to 4 weeks after that date. Are you a carer? Are you a carer or cared for? Do you care for someone who could not manage without you or are you someone that is cared for? It is important that carers stay as fit and healthy as possible. We want to help carers however we can only do this if you let us know you are a carer and register yourself as a carer using the carer registration form. Under NHS regulations all GPs are required to compile a register of carers. This identifies carers and their needs so that support can be offered when needed if you care for a relative, friend or neighbour who is dependent on that help. The person being cared for may be handicapped, have a debilitating physical or mental illness or be in frail health and can be any age. Pick up the form at reception and complete it there. Temporary residents The doctors are happy to see patients who are temporarily resident in the practice area should medical advice be required. In this instance persons wishing to be treated should state that they are a temporary resident when reporting to reception. To register you will need to bring your passport and complete our temporary resident registration form which is available from reception, or you can download a GMS3 form (PDF). Overseas visitors If your country has a healthcare agreement with the UK you may not have to pay. Please visit NHS Choices for more information. Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 2 July 2025 92 Preston Road Wembley London HA9 8NL Get directions 020 8904 3883 Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Uxendon Crescent surgery CQC overall rating Good 28 June 2022 See the report Uxendon Crescent Surgery Accessibility statement Website policies