Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content The Willesden Medical Centre NHS GP surgery in London Search the The Willesden Medical Centre website Search Register with the surgery Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with Willesden Medical Centre Registering with Willesden Medical Centre is free and takes less than 5 minutes online. You don’t need to visit the surgery, and you don’t need ID to register — although providing it can help us process things a little faster. We’ll confirm your registration within 48 hours of receiving your form. Register online now When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number (If you’ve been registered for NHS services before. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Catchment area Do you live or work in Willesden, NW10? We accept registrations from anyone who lives within our Willesden catchment area. If you work nearby but live outside the area, you may still be able to register — just bear in mind that home visits and some services may not be available. Not sure if you’re in our catchment area? Contact us on 0208 459 5550 and we’ll check for you. How to Register with Our GP Surgery 1. Click here to Register online 2. Complete the short online form — takes about 5 minutes 3. We’ll confirm your registration within 48 hours That’s it. No paperwork, no need to come into the surgery, and no ID required. Out-of-practice boundary area registration Where it is clinically appropriate and practical to register, we now accept new registrations from patients who work in the local area but reside outside our registration area. Patients registered this way would not be entitled to a home visit from the practice. However, if you live outside the practice area and need a home visit, please contact NHS 111 to be seen by a practice closer to where you live. FAQs Do I need ID to register? Can families register together? Is there a cost to register? I work in Willesden but live somewhere else — can I still register? I’ve just moved to the area — what do I need to do first? Page published: 15 August 2024 Last updated: 7 July 2026 144-150 High Road Willesden London NW10 2PT Get directions 0208 459 5550 Email Us Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice The Willesden Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 13 April 2018 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies