Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Chalkhill Family Practice NHS GP surgery in London Search the Chalkhill Family Practice website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Enter your postcode Search Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: use the NHS register with a GP surgery: Chalkhill Family Practice service When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. After you have completed and submitted the form you must attend the surgery within 7 days with two forms of identification. Please email any downloaded applications to nhsnwl.chalkhillfamilypractice@nhs.net. Acceptable identification includes: Passport Birth certificate HC2 certificate Rough sleepers’ identity badge Hostel registration/mail forwarding letter Until we have seen your identification you will not be registered at the practice. Out-of-practice boundary area registration Where it is clinically appropriate and practical to register, we now accept new registrations from patients who work in the local area but reside outside our registration area. Patients registered this way would not be entitled to a home visit from the practice. However, if you live outside the practice area and need a home visit, please contact NHS 111 to be seen by a practice closer to where you live. For further information about this type of registration, please contact us on 020 3836 5030 or please come into the practice. Temporary residents If you have visitors who need urgent treatment we may be able to see them as “temporary residents.” Please ask at reception. If they are visiting from abroad, certain countries have reciprocal health agreements but visitors from other countries may have to pay for our services. Overseas visitors If your country has a healthcare agreement with the UK you may not have to pay. Please visit NHS Choices for more information. Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 19 March 2026 113 Chalkhill Road Wembley HA9 9FX Get directions 020 3836 5030 Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Chalkhill Family Practice CQC overall rating Good 7 February 2019 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies