Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Lancelot Medical Centre NHS GP surgery in Wembley Search the Lancelot Medical Centre website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery Register with the surgery online Alternatively, you can print a paper registration form and bring it to the GP surgery. After you have completed the form you must attend the surgery within 7 days with two forms of identification. Acceptable identification includes: Passport Birth certificate HC2 certificate Rough sleepers’ identity badge Hostel Registration/mail forwarding letter When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Catchment area Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Out-of-practice boundary area registration Where it is clinically appropriate and practical to register, we now accept new registrations from patients who work in the local area but reside outside our registration area. Patients registered this way would not be entitled to a home visit from the practice. However, if you live outside the practice area and need a home visit, please contact NHS 111 to be seen by a practice closer to where you live. For further information about this type of registration, please contact us on 0208 903 0609 or please come into the practice. Overseas visitors If your country has a healthcare agreement with the UK you may not have to pay. Please visit NHS Choices for more information. Temporary residents If you have visitors who need urgent treatment we may be able to see them as “temporary residents.” Please ask at reception. If they are visiting from abroad, certain countries have reciprocal health agreements but visitors from other countries may have to pay for our services. Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 7 May 2025 17-21 Lancelot Road Wembley HA0 2AL Get directions 0208 903 0609 Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Lancelot Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 15 January 2024 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies