Skip to content Allendale Road Surgery Search this website Search Home News Clinics and Services New Patients Our Practice Pharmacy First Health Information Contact Us HomeNew Patients New Patients Thank you for considering registering with our practice. You can register with the practice online, which is our preferred method too. Please first check you fall within our catchment area below. Catchment Area You can visit the NHS website for more information about registering with a GP Practice. Registration Form Email the following to us at nhsnwl.allendale@nhs.net Your Signature (can be digital – scan/photo of your handwritten signature) to confirm you wish to register with the practice (this is a current NHS England requirement) Two forms of Acceptable ID (if not possible, please let us know) We will not store these documents and we will securely delete/destroy them after our initial verification OPTIONAL: Photo of your face to add to your records to help us identify you (if you agree) Acceptable Identification: Photo Driving License, Passport, Tenancy agreement, Mortgage statement, Bank statement, Utility bill (date within the past 3 months) etc. For children under 16 years of age, parents/ guardians should aim to provide a copy of Birth certificate and Immunisation record (in English). Download both the NHSApp & Airmid apps (if have device) Use the NHSApp first to create your NHSLogin (it may require you to upload a copy of your Photo ID). It can help if you have your NHS number to hand. You can use the same NHSLogin to access the Airmid app, which is linked to our practice’s healthcare IT system (called SystmOne). The Airmid app has some functionality not currently in the NHSApp (e.g. video consultations) and vice versa is true too, which is why we recommend you download both Apps. If you want full online access to your records, you can request this via the Airmid app. Please select “Organisations” and then click on “Allendale Road Surgery”. Next to “Full Clinical Record”, you can click on “Request access”. We will then receive your request and start to process it. For children, there are restrictions and you need to discuss it further with us. Both these apps will enhance your digital experience as a patient at this practice. Await confirmation that you have been registered We aim to register you as quickly as possible and within 5 working days. If you have given us a UK mobile phone number, we will send you a text message to confirm you have been registered. If you do not receive such a message, you can email us at ealccg.allendale@nhs.net for an update. Once registered, you can seek help/advice via an online consultation which you can access through the NHSApp. Overseas Visitors Temporary Residents Allendale Road Surgery 35 Allendale Road Greenford Middlesex UB6 0RA Get Directions 020 8902 8146 Together we can end domestic abuse. Support links