Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Stanmore Medical Centre NHS GP surgeries in Stanmore Search the Stanmore Medical Centre website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Enter your postcode Search Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error You can also find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: use the NHS Register with a GP surgery: Stanmore Medical Centre service When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. After you have completed and submitted the form you must attend the surgery within 7 days with two forms of identification and the completed form. Acceptable identification includes: Passport Birth Certificate HC2 Certificate Rough sleepers’ identity badge Hostel Registration/mail forwarding letter Until we have seen your identification you will not be registered at the practice. For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS website. Temporary residents If you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from any GP surgery. If you need treatment for more than 14 days you will need to register with that GP surgery as a temporary or permanent patient. To register as a temporary resident in England, please visit the NHS website to find GP surgeries near to your place of residence. How to register with a GP surgery Overseas visitors In April 2015, changes were made to the way the NHS charges overseas visitors for NHS hospital care. These changes also affect some former residents of the UK. The changes were made so that the NHS does not lose out on income from migrants, visitors or former residents of the UK, who may be required to pay for their hospital treatment costs while in England. How charges for NHS healthcare apply to overseas visitors Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 28 March 2025 Stanmore Medical Centre 85 Crowshott Avenue Stanmore HA7 1HS Get directions 020 8951 3888 William Drive Stanmore HA7 4FZ Get directions 020 8951 3888 Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice The Stanmore Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 30 December 2025 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies