Skip to content Park Royal Medical Practice Central Middlesex Hospital, Acton Lane, London, NW10 7NS Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients Where it is clinically appropriate and practical to register, we now accept new registrations from patients who work in the local area but reside outside of our registration area. Patients registered this way would not be entitled to home visit from the practice, however they will be able to contact NHS 111 in order to be seen by a practice closer to where they live. For further information about this type of registration, please contact us on 020 8961 1183 or feel free to come into the practice. Acceptance on to the list is as at the discretion of the Doctor and we will ask you for proof of identity. (Please refer to our registration policy below and why we ask for this). Please note that your medical records may take several weeks to arrive at the Practice. Catchment Area How to Register To register with our practice please follow the link below to complete the online registration form. Online Registration Form For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS Alternatively you may print off a registration form, fill it out and bring it in with you on your first visit to the practice. Printable Registration Form SCR patient consent preference form Upload photos or documents You do not need your NHS Number to register as a patient. However, in order for us to achieve a smooth and error free registration your NHS Number is an integral part of your care. Find Your NHS Number Out of Practice Boundary Area Registration Guide to GP Services Non-English Speakers Temporary Patients Registration Policy Park Royal Medical Practice Central Middlesex Hospital, Ground Floor, Acton Lane, London, NW10 7NS Get Directions 020 8961 1183 nhsnwl.prmp@nhs.net Monday to Friday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Saturday 9:00 am to 1:00 pm Park Royal Medical Practice CQC overall rating Good 13 May 2026 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Park Royal Medical Practice 2026 EN