Skip to content Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with us. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. Upload photos or documents The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Paper forms are still available if you need one – Printable Adult Registration Form. Please Note We request each person to provide the following information to the practice staff in order to facilitate the registration with the Practice: Registration can still take place if documents are not available but processing and verification may take longer. Proof of ID Passport, Driver’s Licence or Birth Certificate. Proof of Address Copy of utility bill or bank statement within the last month from the time you are registering or a current Tenancy Agreement. NHS Number If you have previously registered with a GP, we will require your NHS Medical Card or your NHS Number. If you cannot recall it, then we will require contact details of previous GP. However, your previous GP may not provide details due to confidentiality and formal requests may take time. Please be aware that if you are a Visitor to the UK, we may be able to register you under the NHS but further services and referrals will incur cost. If you are a EEC Resident, you may utilise your European Health Insurance Card. Health Questionnaire Child Red Book Nurse Find your NHS Number Catchment Area Non-urgent advice: Printable Registration Documents If you wish to start your registration process by completing the relevant forms beforehand, you can print them off from the links below and bring them to the surgery. Please note routinely it may take up to 48 hours to process your registration documents once you have brought them to the practice. Printable Registration Form Find Your NHS Number Non-English Speakers Temporary Patients Wembley Centre For Health & Care 116 Chaplin Road, Wembley, Middlesex, HA0 4UZ 020 3831 3860 The Sunflower Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 8 July 2022 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Sunflower Medical Centre 2026 EN