Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content St Peters Medical Centre NHS GP surgery in Harrow Search the St Peters Medical Centre website Search About the surgery Services Online Access Non-NHS Work Sick Notes Test Results Contact us Browse More Home Services Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering Online To register online please click here and complete the required forms Registering in person To register with the surgery, print and return: a new patient registration form an online access registration form (optional) Please also bring photo ID and proof of your current address. You can also: visit reception from 10am to 6pm and collect a paper registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. As well as the registration documents, before we can register you to the surgery you must provide us with a valid item of photo identification and some separate proof of address Upon receipt of all documents, it will take up to 10 working days to complete your registration. We will notify you by SMS Text once your registration has been completed. Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 27 November 2024 Colbeck Road Harrow Middlesex HA1 4BS Get directions 0208 864 4868 Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice St Peter's Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 7 September 2026 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies