Skip to content The Hilltop Medical Practice Holistic, patient-centred, evidence based clinical care Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with us. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. Please note We request each person to provide the following information to the practice staff in order to facilitate the registration with the Practice: Registration can still take place if documents are not available but processing and verification may take longer. Proof of ID Passport, Driver’s Licence or Birth Certificate. Proof of Address Copy of utility bill or bank statement within the last month from the time you are registering or a current Tenancy Agreement. NHS Number If you have previously registered with a GP, we will require your NHS Medical Card or your NHS Number. If you cannot recall it, then we will require contact details of previous GP. However, your previous GP may not provide details due to confidentiality and formal requests may take time. Please be aware that if you are a Visitor to the UK, we may be able to register you under the NHS but further services and referrals will incur cost. If you are a EEC Resident, you may utilise your European Health Insurance Card. Health Questionnaire Children Registration Child Red Book Nurse Find your NHS Number Upload photos or documents The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Paper forms are still available if you need one – Printable Registration Form. Catchment Area Safe Surgery Hilltop Medical Practice is proud to be a safe surgery for everyone in our community. Read more about our safe surgery Non-English Speakers Guide to GP Services Temporary Patients About Our Surgery GP Extended HUB Services Policies Teenage Friendly Practice Disability Access Non Smoking Premices Baby Friendly Communication Consent Register for Online Services New Patient Registration Change of Details Upload photos or documents Summary Care Record Opt-out Form Update your Clinical Records Safe Surgery Appointments Register a Carer Clinics and Services Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Patient Participation Group Prescriptions Dr Neeta Ghosh-Chowdhury CQC overall rating Good 17 March 2026 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Hilltop Medical Practice 2026