Skip to main content Cookies on the Alperton Medical Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Alperton Medical Centre CQC Rating: Good Search Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Services Information About the surgery Contact Us Access Plan Statement for Alperton Medical Centre In partnership with the Federation and Primary Care Networks (PCNs), we have developed a comprehensive, scalable, and effective plan to deliver high-quality care to our Practice and PCN population. T Find out more Dismiss Home Join the surgery Join the surgery Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Find out with GPs you can register with on the NHS website. To register with the surgery: Adults over 16 years of age: fill out an online registration form Children under age of 16 years: fill out an online registration form If born in UK, please email us the Immunisation details from red book and the birth certificate to : nhsnwl.alppertonmedicalcentre@nhs.net If born outside UK, please email us the translated immunisation details to : nhsnwl.alpertonmedicalcentre@nhs.net When you email, please state clearly the name and date of birth of the child. Additional Information: When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Proof of identity (passport) and proof of address (utility bill or bank statement in you name) are required. If you have not been previously registered with a General Practitioner under the NHS in this country and you are entitled to the NHS treatment, you will need to bring your passport. Registration can be refused if you do not meet the criteria. Our Registration Timeline: From the time of receiving the online application, it may take upto 2 weeks to register you in our practice. After we have registered you, you will receive a text message requesting you to book an appointment for a health check as part of your registration process. Safe Surgery: If you do not have supporting documents you may still register with us. Please click here for more information. Practice Boundary Postcode Search Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Our staff will carry out a new patient check to enable your registration to be fully completed. Please note if the form is not fully completed, we may have to offer you another appointment. Please inform us immediately if you change your name, address, telephone number or any other details. It is patient’s/carer’s responsibility to inform the Practice and to return the NHS card to the Health Authority if the patient is out of the country for more than 3 months. Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access, please collect a proxy access form from reception from 9am to 5pm. Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Page last reviewed: 20 August 2024 Page created: 20 August 2024 Support links You and Your General Practice Practice Charter Patient participation group Complaints and feedback GP earnings Our Vision Surgery policies and procedures Privacy policy Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map Sign in 2026 Built by My Surgery Website