Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Kings Edge Medical Centre The Kings Edge – accessible, quality, NHS health care, your choice, our aim. Search the Kings Edge Medical Centre website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, please check with reception that you are in our catchment area. Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: Click here to register online download a new paper patient registration form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. After you have completed and submitted the form you must attend the surgery within 2 days with two forms of identification. Acceptable identification includes: Passport Birth certificate HC2 certificate Rough sleepers’ identity badge Hostel registration / mail forwarding letter Until we have seen your identification you will not be registered at the practice. If you are registering more than one person For multiple or family registrations you need to complete a registration for each person before submitting them all at once. If you are registering children under the age of 16 years it is important that you register yourself first. Out of practice boundary area registration Where it is clinically appropriate and practical to register, we now accept new registrations from patients who work in the local area but reside outside our registration area. Patients registered this way would not be entitled to a home visit from the practice. However, if you live outside the practice area and need a home visit, please contact NHS 111 to be seen by a practice closer to where you live. For further information about this type of registration, please contact us on 020 8204 0151 or please come into the practice. Temporary residents If you have visitors who need urgent treatment we may be able to see them as “temporary residents.” Please ask at reception. If they are visiting from abroad, certain countries have reciprocal health agreements but visitors from other countries may have to pay for our services. Overseas visitors If your country has a healthcare agreement with the UK you may not have to pay. Please visit NHS Choices for more information. Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 6 June 2025 132 Stag Lane Kingsbury London NW9 0QP Get directions 020 8204 0151 Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Kings Edge Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 3 May 2018 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies