Skip to Main Content Main Site - 59 Anson Road, London, NW2 3UY Branch Site - Albert Road, London, NW6 5DE DR NAJIM & PARTNERS 0208 208 4141 willesdengreensurgery@nhs.net Open Saturdays West and North London Integrated Care Board Home The Team The Services New Patients Manage My Care Patient Corner Open Hours New Patients New patients can now register online! Registration ​ Eligibility: We welcome all patients who live or work in our catchment area to register with us, We are an open and friendly practice that will register patients, even if they cannot provide proof of ID or address. We do not request proof of ID or address so that we don't discriminate against people who may not have proof of ID. However, in the very rare circumstance where it appears that an incorrect address has been provided, we may request proof of address. ​ Catchment Area: All postcodes beginning with NW2 and NW6 Postcodes in NW10, for inward codes beginning with 1 to 2 You can check if you are in the catchment area using the map here. ​ There are two alternative ways for new patients to register: Click to Read More 1. Online (Recommended) ​ We advise all new patients to register online. The benefits of registering online include: It avoids traveling and waiting. It can be done from the comfort of your home - 24 hours a day. It takes just 2 minutes to register online It is easier and faster for our admin team to process Register Online Now Register with Willesden Green Surgery Here Next Steps: Once you've filled out the online registration, please allow 2 working days for us to process your online registration before booking an appointment. Once processed we will send you a confirmation email that you've been registered. ​ If you haven't been registered with a GP in England before, then we will also text you a 'New Patient Health Status Questionnaire' for us to complete your registration. Please try to complete the questionnaire promptly. ​ Please download the NHS App which allows you to book appointments, check results, request repeat medications, and receive messages from the GP practice. You can find out how to download the NHS App here. ​ You can also book appointments by calling reception or filling out an eConsultation. Register with Willesden Green Surgery Here 2. In Person To register in person, please print out and fill in our registration form, and bring it to the Willesden Green Surgery in person. Alternatively, come in and pick up a form at the practice. Please note, it is not compulsory for the "Supplementary Questions" of the registration form, to be filled in. Registration Form © 2026 by Willesden Green Surgery. 59 Anson Road, London, NW2 3UY Tel: 0208 208 4141 FIND US BOOK APPOINTMENTS OPENING HOURS OUT OF HOURS PRIVACY NOTICE LEGAL STATEMENT Email: willesdengreensurgery@nhs.net How may I help you?