Skip to content The Welcome Practice Search this website Search Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact Us HomeNew Patients New Patients How to Register To register with our practice we need two registration forms to be completed. First, you need to check you fall within our catchment area using the interactive map below Please note that children under 16 should use the children form. Please follow the links below to register online and complete our New Patient Registration Form. Please also check your rights and responsibilities when considering us as your new GP practice. Register Online and New Patient Registration Questionnaire New Patient Registration Questionnaire – Children Under 16 Alternatively, if you require a paper form to complete, please follow the link below to download the PRF1 Paper form (PDF) Download Form After you have completed these forms, either print them to take it with you to the surgery or email them to admin.kennedy@nhs.net You must attend the surgery within 7 days with 1 forms of identification (ID) . Until you have registered you will not be able to make an appointment at the practice. New Registration Health Check Once registered, you may be asked to make an appointment with our nursing team for a new patient health check. This appointment enables us to collect medical information before your medical records arrive from your previous practice. It is also the start of screening for other medical problems. If your medical history if particularly complex our nurse will book you a follow up an appointment with a GP. Normally, you will need to complete a new patient check before seeing one of our GPs. If you are on any regular medication please ensure you have received sufficient from your previous practice before registering as we may not be able to issue a repeat prescription immediately. Overseas Visitors Temporary Residents The Welcome Practice 70A Norwood Road, Southall UB2 4EY Get Directions 020 8574 1822 Opening Times Monday 08.00-18.30 Tuesday 08.00-20.00 Wednesday 08.00-18.30 Thursday 08.00-18.30 Friday 08.00-18.30 Support links EN