Skip to content Thornbury Road Centre for Health Thornbury Road Centre for Health, Thornbury Road, Isleworth, TW7 4HQ Search this website Search Online Services Explained Accessibility Home Surgery Information Services Appointments Prescriptions Subject Access Records Feedback Health Information Local Support Reasonable Adjustment Digital Flag English▼ HomeSurgery InformationJoin our GP Surgery Join our GP Surgery Contents Additional Information Required Practice Area Overseas Visitors Temporary Registration Information for patients: About your Summary Care Record (SCR) Register Online Quote / Testimonial: New Patient Registration The doctors welcome new patients who live within our practice area. As it often takes some time for records to be forwarded from your former practice all newly registered patients will be asked to complete a health questionnaire. Once you have confirmed you live within our boundary area , please click the register online link above to complete our registration form. The registration process can take up to 7 days. In the meantime, please seek medical advice from your previous GP practice. If we are unable to locate your NHS records we may need to contact you to request the following; Proof of who you are; driving licence, passport or birth certificate OR Proof of your current address; tenancy agreement, mortgage agreement, bank statement or utility bill Additional Information Required Please note that the NHS new patient registration form does not collect all the information we need in the practice. Once we receive your completed registration form, the practice will contact you via email or text message to request some additional details. It is important that you provide this information, as it helps us to offer safe, effective care Practice Area If you would like to check whether you are resident within our Practice area and so eligible to register with us a Practice then please enter your postcode below. Catchment Area Overseas Visitors Those who visit the UK from overseas must pay for their care when they are in England. Changes were made to how the NHS charges overseas visitors for healthcare so the NHS does not lose out on income for the services these patients have received. Further information for overseas visitors Temporary Registration If you’re currently staying within our GP surgery area for more than 24 hours but less than 3 months, you can ask to register as a temporary resident. You can find more information on registering as a temporary resident on the NHS website. Registering with a GP as a temporary resident – NHS – NHS (www.nhs.uk) If you want to register as a temporary resident at our GP surgery, please contact us and we will send you the relevant registration form. Information for patients: About your Summary Care Record (SCR) If you are registered with a GP practice in England you will already have a Summary Care Record (SCR), unless you have previously chosen not to have one. It will contain key information about the medicines you are taking, allergies you suffer from and any adverse reactions to medicines you have had in the past. Information about your healthcare may not be routinely shared across different healthcare organisations and systems. You may need to be treated by health and care professionals that do not know your medical history. Essential details about your healthcare can be difficult to remember, particularly when you are unwell or have complex care needs. Having a Summary Care Record can help by providing healthcare staff treating you with vital information from your health record. This will help the staff involved in your care make better and safer decisions about how best to treat you. You have a choice Authorised healthcare staff can only view your SCR with your permission. The information shared will solely be used for the benefit of your care. Your options are outlined below. Medication, allergies and adverse reactions only. You wish to share information about medication, allergies and adverse reactions only. Allergies, adverse reactions and Additional Information. You wish to share information about medication, allergies and adverse reactions and further medical information that includes: Your significant illnesses and health problems, operations and vaccinations you have had in the past, how you would like to be treated (such as where you would prefer to receive care), what support you might need and who should be contacted for more information about you. Opt-out of Summary Care Record. Select this option, if you DO NOT want any information shared with other healthcare professionals involved in your care. If you have not previously set a preference at your registered GP Practice, a Summary Care Record containing information about your medication, allergies and adverse reactions and additional further medical information will be created for you as described in point b) above. If you wish to opt out of sharing (dissent) , please complete the form below. Once submitted, please allow the GP surgery up to 5 working days to update your preferences. You are free to change your decision at any time by informing your GP practice. Summary Care Record (SCR) Patient Preference Form Surgery Information Heidi Health AI Tool Latest Updates Veterans Referrals Meet your GP Surgery Team Join our GP Surgery Visiting or Contacting the surgery Update your details Feedback, Compliments and Complaints GP Earnings What we charge for Policies and Procedures Practice News Thornbury Road Centre for Health Thornbury Road Health Centre, Thornbury Road, Isleworth, TW7 4HQ Get Directions 020 8630 1036 nhsnwl.thornburyroad@nhs.net Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 7:30 am to 6:30 pm Thornbury Road Centre for Health CQC overall rating Good 16 June 2021 See the report Part of Brentworth PCN English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Thornbury Road Centre for Health 2026