Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Shepherds Bush Medical Centre NHS GP Surgery in Shepherds Bush Search the Shepherds Bush Medical Centre website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Enter your postcode Search Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error You can also find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: phone us on 020 8743 5153 visit the GP surgery to collect a form After you have completed and submitted the form you must attend the surgery within 7 days with two forms of identification. Acceptable identification includes: Passport Birth certificate HC2 certificate Rough sleepers’ identity badge Hostel registration / mail forwarding letter Until we have seen your identification you will not be registered at the practice. When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Out of practice boundary area registration Where it is clinically appropriate and practical to register, we now accept new registrations from patients who work in the local area but reside outside our registration area. Patients registered this way would not be entitled to a home visit from the surgery. However, if you live outside the practice area and need a home visit, please contact NHS 111 in order to be seen by a surgery closer to where they live. For further information about this type of registration, please contact us on 020 8743 5153 or visit the surgery. Overseas visitors For guidance on overseas visitors please visit GOV.UK for further information. Temporary residents If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient if you are in the area for longer than 24 hours and up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with the surgery. To register as a temporary resident you will need to complete a temporary residents form (PDF). Please return the completed form to the surgery. For further information visit: How to register with a GP surgery – NHS (www.nhs.uk) Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 30 August 2024 Shepherds Bush Medical Centre 336 Uxbridge Road Shepherds Bush London W12 7LS Get directions 020 8743 5153 Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Shepherds Bush Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 9 December 2019 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies