Skip to content St Margaret's Medical Practice 237 St Margarets Road, Twickenham, TW1 1NE | Tel: 0208 892 1986 Search this website Search Online Services Accessibility Home Surgery Information Services Appointments Prescriptions Health Info & Support Newsletter English▼ HomeSurgery InformationJoin our GP Surgery Join our GP Surgery New Patient Registration We welcome new patients. You can apply to register whether you live in or out of the practice catchment area. As it often takes some time for records to be forwarded from your former practice all newly registered patients will be asked to complete a health questionnaire. Contents Practice Area Overseas Visitors Temporary Registration Online New Patient Registration (Under 16) Online New Patient Registration (Over 16) Quote / Testimonial: Registration If you live IN the Practice area New patients who permanently reside within the current practice boundary who wish to register should come in to collect a registration form from reception or you can fill the form online as given above. You do not need to provide proof of address but we ask that you bring a form of ID to reception for your first appointment. This is to ensure accuracy of your registration only and is not compulsory. If you live OUT of the practice area We have the option to register patients who live outside the practice area but without any obligation to provide home visits. Out of area registration is voluntary for GP practices. Your application will be considered by the practice and will only register you without home visits if it is clinically appropriate and practical in your individual case. We are proud to be a safe surgery for everyone in our community, and pledge to ensure that everyone in our community receives the quality healthcare they are entitled to. In partnership with Doctors of the World UK, we will ensure that our practice offers a welcoming space for everyone who seeks to use our services. We will ensure that a lack of identification, proof of address, or immigration status do not prevent patient registration. Please click on the image above for further information. Practice Area If you would like to check whether you are resident within our Practice area and so eligible to register with us a Practice then please enter your postcode below. Catchment Area Overseas Visitors Those who visit the UK from overseas must pay for their care when they are in England. Changes were made to how the NHS charges overseas visitors for healthcare so the NHS does not lose out on income for the services these patients have received. Further information for overseas visitors Temporary Registration If you’re currently staying within our GP surgery area for more than 24 hours but less than 3 months, you can ask to register as a temporary resident. You can find more information on registering as a temporary resident on the NHS website. Registering with a GP as a temporary resident – NHS – NHS (www.nhs.uk) If you want to register as a temporary resident at our GP surgery, please contact us and we will send you the relevant registration form. Surgery Information Visiting or Contacting the surgery Meet your GP Surgery Team Join our GP Surgery Update your details Feedback, Compliments and Complaints Join our Patient Participation Group (PPG) What we charge for GP Earnings Policies and Procedures 237 St Margaret's Road, Twickenham, TW1 1NE 0208 892 1986 stmargaretspractice@nhs.net Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm St Margaret's Medical Practice CQC overall rating Good 4 June 2026 See the report Brentford and Isleworth Primary Care Network Part of Brentworth PCN English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, St Margaret's Medical Practice 2026