Skip to content North End Medical Centre 160 North End Road, West Kensington, London, W14 9PR Search this website Search Register as a New Patient 0 Callers in Queue Powered by Home Appointments Prescriptions and medications Meet the Team New Patients Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryRegister With Us Register With Us Are we a local GP for you? Anyone who lives within the practice boundary shown in the map below can register with us. Even if you don’t live in our catchment area, there are circumstances that may lead you to prefer registering with us. For example, your workplace location, local family ties, or previous patient history. We do register people outside of our catchment area (“Out of area” patients), but due to limitations on our ability to use local services for your care this is not suitable for everyone, restrictions are detailed below. Online Registration You can register on-line by clicking on the button below. This is the easiest and quickest method. It’s even easier if you already have the NHS App on your phone. Register Online Catchment Area Register In Person Alternatively, you can register in person at the surgery. You will need to fill in a short form called GMS1. You can complete these forms at the practice. It can take a while for your previous medical records to arrive so the information is helpful if you need support straight away. When you come to the practice the first time, it is helpful if you can bring some ID, but this isn’t a requirement. Examples are: For children (under 5 yrs) we also need to see the Birth Certificate and recommend that you bring the child’s Redbook These documents help us to make sure all your personal details are accurate and that we have matched you to your previous medical record. How long will registration take? Once we have all these documents it can take up to 3 to 4 working days for your registration to be approved and processed, and for your online service to become active. Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Disabled Patient Facilities Disabled patient facilities are also available at this practice. Our purpose-built surgery has access and facilities for disabled patients Restrictions for “Out of Area” Registrations If you live outside our catchment area (shown in the map above) and want to register as an “out-of-area” patient, please take note of the following conditions: If your medical concern requires attention, you must be able to visit the surgery during our opening hours. Phone consultations may not be appropriate for certain issues. Your own health should not pose any personal factors or concerns that could prevent you from attending the surgery. At present, you should not require access to any community health or social care services, as these are organized geographically. It is your responsibility to visit the surgery to collect items like prescriptions and make suitable arrangements. Home visits cannot be provided under any circumstances. In the event that you need a GP but are too unwell to come to the surgery, please contact us initially. If we determine that you require services in your local area, we will direct you to the appropriate local service established by NHS England. This service could be a GP practice near your home, a local walk-in or urgent care centre, or a minor injuries unit. You must reside within North West London. Please understand that if your health needs change and you require access to other services, such as home visiting doctors, we may review your registration and ask you to register with a GP closer to your home. Registration with our practice is subject to our discretion. If we find that your care needs become more complex after registration, we reserve the right to review your registration and ask you to register with a GP closer to your home. In the event that we become aware of your out-of-area residence, we will notify you and ask for your agreement to the above conditions. If we don’t receive a response, we will send reminders. Failure to comply may result in deregistration. However, please note that we will still provide care on an “immediate and necessary” basis if an urgent need arises. About Our Surgery Practice Leaflet NHS GP surgery patient charter We Care Teaching and training Patient Participation Group Register With Us Job Vacancies Foreign language factsheets Foreign language interpreters Research Practice Policies & Patient Information North End Medical Centre 160 North End Road, West Kensington, London, W14 9PR 020 7385 7777 Mo,We,Th,Fr 7:00 am to 6:30 pm; Tu 7:00 am to 8:00 pm Privacy Policy GP Earnings North End Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 21 July 2022 See the report How did we do? Let us know! English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, North End Medical Centre 2026