Skip to content Hanwell Health Centre 20 Church Road, Hanwell, W7 1DR | Tel: 0208 567 5738 Search this website Search Online Services Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact HomeHealth InformationNew Patients New Patients Contents Catchment Area How to Register Registration Medical Temporary Residents Overseas Visitors Catchment Area We are happy to register new NHS patients within our catchment area, please enter your postcode below to ensure you live within our catchment area. Catchment Area How to Register To register with our practice, you will need to come into the practice to collect the relevant form to fill in, and please bring your ID with you. You are also able to download the form below, print and fill it in, and bring it into the practice with you, along with your ID. Online Registration Form Non-urgent advice: Children Under 16 For children under 16 years of age, parents / guardians should aim to provide a copy of Birth certificate and Immunisation record (in English). Registration Medical Once registered, make an appointment with our nursing team for a registration medical. We invite all our new patients to see one of our practice nurses or our health care assistant. This appointment enables us to collect medical information before your medical records arrive. It is also the start of screening for other medical problems. Normally, you will need to complete a registration medical before seeing one of our GPs. Temporary Residents If you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. To register as a temporary resident you will need to complete a Temporary Resident Form. Please return the completed form to the surgery. You can register as a temporary resident with a GP in England if you are in the area for longer than 24 hours but less than three months. For further information visit: NHS Choices – How do I register as a temporary resident with a GP? Overseas Visitors For Guidance on overseas visitors please please visit GOV.UK for further information. Health Information SGLT2i Information Sickness Certificates Information for refugees in Ealing Local Support New Patients Online Registration Form Prescriptions Emergencies Appointments About Online Services Ealing GP Access Centres Find a Local Service Health A-Z Live Well Medicines A-Z Talking Saves Lives Who Do I See? Dr S Bassi & Associates Ltd CQC overall rating Good 31 July 2026 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Hanwell Health Centre 2026