Skip to content Mill Hill Surgery Search this website Search Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact Us HomeNew Patients New Patients We are happy to register new NHS patients within our catchment area. Step 1: Check you live in our catchment area below to avoid disappointment We can only register patients who currently live within our catchment area. Step 2: Complete online registration form Register Online Also either one of our patient questionnaire’s Adult Questionnaire Child Questionnaire Email the following to us at admin.millhillsurgery@nhs.net Your Signature (can be digital – scan/photo of your handwritten signature) to confirm you wish to register with the practice (this is a current NHS England requirement) Two forms of Acceptable ID (if not possible, please let us know – Safe-Surgeries-Poster We will not store these documents and we will securely delete/destroy them after our initial verification OPTIONAL: Photo of your face to add to your records to help us identify you (if you agree) Acceptable Identification: Photo Driving License, Passport, Tenancy agreement, Mortgage statement, Bank statement, Utility bill (date within the past 2 months) etc. For children under 16 years of age, parents/ guardians should aim to provide a copy of Birth certificate and Immunisation record (in English). If you wish to register by coming to the Surgery please come between 10am and 5pm Please see below : You must attend the surgery with 2 forms of identification (ID), one must be a photograph eg passport, driver’s license, ID card Acceptable proof of address; tenancy or mortgage agreement, Utility bills, credit card bills, bank statements and council tax bills . These must be dated within the last 2 months. When you come in with your ID, please also print off the relevant patient questionnaire (based upon your age group), fill it in clearly using BLACK ink and bring it with you to the practice. We also have these forms available at reception. Questionnaire For New Born Babies Patient_information_leaflet_Online_access_ Mar 18 Please provide us with your ID and proof of address within 14 days from submitting your registration form, or you will not be registered at the practice. Step 3: Download both the NHSApp & Airmid apps (if have device) Use the NHSApp first to create your NHSLogin . You need a UK mobile phone number, email address and Photo ID (Passport, UK/European Driving License or European ID card). It can help to have your NHS number at hand. You can use the same NHSLogin to access the Airmid app, which is linked to our practice’s healthcare IT system (called SystmOne) . The Airmid app has some functionality not currently in the NHSApp (e.g. video consultations) and vice versa is true too, which is why we recommend you download both Apps in preparation for being registered with our practice. Both these apps will enhance your digital experience as a patient at this practice. Step 4: Await confirmation that you have been registered & request Online Access to your Records We aim to register you as quickly as possible and within 5 working days. If you have given us a UK mobile phone number, we will send you a text message to confirm you have been registered. If you do not receive such a message, you can email us at admin.millhillsurgery@nhs.net for an update. Once registered, you can: Full online access to your records, which you need to request via the Airmid app. Please select “Organisations” and then click on “Mill Hill Surgery”. Next to “Full Clinical Record”, you can click on “Request access”. Visit our Online Services webpage for more guidance. We will then receive your request and start to process it. For children, there are restrictions and you need to discuss it further with us. Help/advice via an online consultation which you can access through the NHSApp or our practice website here https://www.millhillsurgery.co.uk/. Mill Hill Surgery 111 Avenue Road London W3 8QH Phone: 020 8992 9955 Get Directions Support links EN