Skip to content Acton Health Centre Search this website Search Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact Us HomeNew Patients New Patients We are happy to register new NHS patients within our catchment area. To avoid disappointment please check using the map below: How to register To register with our practice please follow the link below to complete the online registration form and patient information details. https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/E85109/gpregistration/landing Email the following to us at admin.actonhealthcentre@nhs.net Your Signature (can be digital – scan/photo of your handwritten signature) to confirm you wish to register with the practice (this is a current NHS England requirement) 2 Forms of Acceptable ID (if not possible, please let us know) OPTIONAL: Photo of your face to add to your records to help us identify you (if you agree) Acceptable Identification: Photo Driving License, Passport, Tenancy agreement, Mortgage statement, Bank statement, Utility bill (date within the past 3 months) etc. For children under 16 years of age, parents/ guardians should aim to provide a copy of Birth certificate and Immunisation record (in English). The reception staff are able to accept registration forms daily between the following hours: Every morning: 10:00 – 14:30 Every evening : 16:00 – 18:00 HOMELESS? NO FIXED ABODE? NO ID? Please do contact the surgery on 02089926768 so we can further assist you. Registration Medical check up Once registered, make an appointment with our nursing team for a registration medical. We invite all our new patients to see one of our practice nurses or our health care assistant. This appointment enables us to collect medical information before your medical records arrive. It is also the start of screening for other medical problems. Normally, you will need to complete a registration medical before seeing one of our GPs. Download for free both the NHSApp and Airmid apps for your Smartphone Use the NHSApp first to create your NHSLogin (it may require you to upload a copy of your Photo ID). It can help if you have your NHS number to hand. You can use the same NHSLogin to access the Airmid app, which is linked to our practice’s healthcare IT system (called SystmOne) . The Airmid app has some functionality not currently in the NHSApp (e.g. video consultations) and vice versa is true too, which is why we recommend you download both Apps. If you want full online access to your records, you can request this via the Airmid app. For children, there are restrictions and you need to discuss it further with us. Both these apps will enhance your digital experience as a patient at this practice. Awaiting confirmation that you have been registered: We aim to register you as quickly as possible and within 5 working days. If you have given us a UK mobile phone number, we will send you a text message to confirm you have been registered. If you do not receive such a message, you can email us at admin.actonhealthcentre@nhs.net for an update. Once registered, you can seek help/advice via an online consultation which you can access through the NHSApp or our practice website here. Acton Health Centre 35-61 Church Road, Acton, W3 8QE Get Directions 0208 992 6768 Support links