Skip to content Boileau Road Surgery Search this website Search Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact Us HomeNew Patients New Patients How to Register Follow the steps below to register with the practice online, which is our preferred method too. Step 1: Check if you live in our catchment area We are happy to register new NHS patients living within our catchment area which you can check using the map below. Please enter your postcode on the right top corner of the map. You can visit the NHS website for more information about registering with a GP Practice. Step 2: Complete online registration form Register online here Print the registration form here Important message: Please make sure that you provide us with your photo ID and proof of address within 2 weeks in order to complete the registration with our practice. Step 3: Download both the NHS App (if have device) Use the NHS App first to create your NHS Login. You need a UK mobile phone number, email address and Photo ID (Passport, UK/European Driving License or European ID card). It can help to have your NHS number at hand. This app will enhance your digital experience as a patient at this practice. Step 4: Await confirmation that you have been registered & request Online Access to your Records We aim to register you as quickly as possible and within 7 working days once we receive your photo ID and proof of address. Once registered, you can request: If aged 40 years old or over, you can book a New Patient NHS Health Check appointment. Full online access to your records, which you need to request via the Airmid app. Please select “Organisations” and then click on “Boileau Road Surgery”. Next to “Full Clinical Record”, you can click on “Request access”. Visit our Online Services webpage for more guidance. We will then receive your request and start to process it. For children, there are restrictions and you need to discuss it further with us. Boileau Road Surgery 104 Boileau Road Ealing W5 3AJ Get Directions 0208 997 6604 Support links