Skip to content Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Additional Services Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeRegister as a new patient Register as a new patient Find out how to register with the surgery. Check if you are eligible To join the surgery, you usually have to live within our practice boundary. Check the practice boundary to find out if you can register. Catchment Area Contact the surgery if you’re not sure if you’re eligible. Register with a GP surgery: The Lilyville Surgery If you are in the area for less than 3 months If you are staying in the area for less than 3 months, you may be able to register as a temporary patient. Contact the surgery to find out if you can register. Before you fill in the form Find your NHS Number The registration form will ask you for your NHS number, which consists of 10 digits. You can find it on a prescription, an appointment letter, or using the Find your NHS number online service. Ensure you have enough medication You should ensure you have at least one month’s supply of your medication. It can take around a month to transfer your records from your old GP practice. During this time, you may not be able to renew your prescriptions. Using an online form You can check if you’re eligible and register using an online form. The registration process takes around 15 minutes to complete. Register as a patient online Using a paper form You can join the practice by filling in a paper form. You can either: download and print the registration form (PDF, 199KB, 2 pages) get a paper copy from the surgery When you have completed the form, please send it to the surgery by email or drop it off at reception. It’s helpful if you bring or include a copy of your ID. This could be: passport birth certificate HC2 certificate rough sleepers’ identity badge hostel or accommodation registration or mail forwarding letter We are a safe surgery We will ensure that our practice offers a welcoming space for everyone who seeks to use our services. We will ensure that a lack of identification, proof of address, or immigration status do not prevent patient registration. Don’t have documents? Don’t worry. We might ask for ID or proof of address. But if you don’t have any and you live in our practice area, you can still register with us. We won’t ask for immigration documents. Your nationality or immigration status do not affect your right to register here. Everyone living in England has the right to free care from a GP. Ask reception for an interpreter if you find it difficult to communicate in English. If you are worried about giving us your address, please let us know. Your information is safe with us. See surgery contact details Find out more For more information, read NHS advice on how to register at a GP practice. Lilyville @ Parsons Green 5-7 Parsons Green, London, SW6 4UL Get Directions 02077364344 Lilyville @ Parsons Green CQC overall rating Good 4 October 2021 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Lilyville @ Parsons Green 2026