Skip to content The Horn Lane Surgery Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact Us EN HomeNew Patients New Patients Register with a GP surgery: The Horn Lane Surgery, London Use this service to register with a GP surgery for the first time or to change your current GP surgery. If you are already registered with a GP surgery you can access some health and prescription services using Register using Online Services How long it takes It takes around 15 minutes to complete a registration. You need to complete the process in one session. If you are registering more than one person make sure to give yourself enough time. If you are registering more than one person For multiple or family registrations you need to complete a registration for each person before submitting them all at once. If you are registering children under the age of 16 years you must register yourself first. Before you start You do not need your NHS number, but it could make registration easier. We may ask you for: details of previous GP surgery basic health and medical information The information you provide will be used to identify the correct medical records. It will also help the GP surgery to offer relevant and appropriate healthcare services. Other ways to register Contact the surgery you want to join directly. Fill in the Register with a GP surgery paper form (PDF, 199 KB, 8 pages) and take it to the surgery you want to join. GMS1 Registration Form After you have completed the registration form, either print it to take it with you to the surgery or email them to admin.hornlanesurgery@nhs.net You must attend the surgery within 7 days with 2 forms of identification (ID) and proof of address. If possible, please come in either late morning(after 10.30am) or late afternoon(after 3.30pm) when the surgery is not so busy. Acceptable Identification; tenancy agreement, mortgage agreement, bank statement, driving license, passport, birth certificate etc., If you do not have any proof of address please discuss with our reception team. This will not prevent your registration. Until you have registered you will not be able to make an appointment at the practice. New Registration Health Check Once registered, you may be asked to make an appointment with our nursing team for a new patient health check. This appointment enables us to collect medical information before your medical records arrive from your previous practice. It is also the start of screening for other medical problems. If your medical history if particularly complex our nurse will book you a follow up an appointment with a GP. Normally, you will need to complete a new patient check before seeing one of our GPs. If you are on any regular medication please ensure you have received sufficient from your previous practice before registering as we may not be able to issue a repeat prescription immediately. Overseas Visitors Temporary Residents The Horn Lane Surgery 156 Horn Lane, Acton, W3 6PH Phone: 0208 992 4722 Get Directions Practice Information Practice Policies PPG Our Team Patient Information Support links