Skip to content Dr H Nay Lin & Partner Search this website Search Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact Us EN HomeNew Patients New Patients We are happy to register new NHS patients within our catchment area. If you register with outside our boundary area, your registration will be rejected. Check now if your postcode is in our catchment area. How to Register Check List: Complete our online registration form below one of the links. Complete the New Patient Questionnaire form ( either email us or bring it to surgery) Please email us the Proof of ID together with your New Patient Questionnaire. Contact us in 2 weeks to check to confirm your registration status. To register with our practice please follow the link below to complete the online registration form and patient information details. Please also complete New Patient Questionnaire and send to us via admin email admin.E85726@nhs.net. Register Please also complete New Patient Health Questionnaire Form and send via admin email: admin.E85726@nhs.net New Patient Questionnaire After you have completed and submitted the form you must attend the surgery within 7 days with 2 forms of identification (ID). Acceptable Identification; tenancy agreement, mortgage agreement, bank statement, driving licence, passport, birth certificate etc. PLASE NOTE: Until you have submitted your ID and new patient questionnaire you will not be registered at the practice yet. Submitting the registration does not mean that you are registered to see the clinicians. Thank you for your cooperation. Registration Medical Once registered, make an appointment with our nursing team for a registration medical. We invite all our new patients to see one of our practice nurses or our health care assistant. This appointment enables us to collect medical information before your medical records arrive. It is also the start of screening for other medical problems. Normally, you will need to complete a registration medical before seeing one of our GPs. Overseas Visitors Temporary Residents Dr H Nay Lin Practice 78 Mattock Lane London W13 9NZ Get Directions Tel: 020 8567 1121 Support links