Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Ashville Surgery NHS GP surgery in London Search the Ashville Surgery website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery Catchment area We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area (SW6 postcodes only). Please note that if you do not live in our catchment areas, you will need to register with a practice closer to your address. You can find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: fill out the NHS- register with a GP surgery, Ashville Surgery online form When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. There is no regulatory requirement to prove identity, address, immigration status or provide an NHS number, in order to register. However, if you have ID, it may help ensure the correct matching of you to the NHS central patient registry, thereby ensuring any previous medical notes are passed onto your new practice. We are signed up to the Safe Surgeries (PDF) pledge. For all children under 6 (other than newborns), we need to see copies of the child’s immunisation history (Red Book, or equivalent). If your child has had immunisations done privately or overseas, we still need to see the documentation so we can add this to their record. You can only register your child with us, if one or more of the parents / guardians are also registered with us (or registering at the same time as the child). Please note that we are only able to accept new patients who currently live within our practice boundary. Overseas visitors For guidance on overseas visitors please visit GOV.UK for further information. Temporary residents If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient if you are in the area for longer than 24 hours and up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with the surgery. To register as a temporary resident you will need to complete a temporary resident form. Please return the completed form to the surgery. For further information visit: How to register with a GP surgery – NHS Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 18 September 2024 Swan House Parsons Green Lane London SW6 4HS Get directions 020 7371 7171 Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Ashville Surgery CQC overall rating Good 15 April 2016 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies