Skip to main content Cookies on the Hillingdon Health Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies CQC Rating: Good Menu Hillingdon Health Centre Home Opening Hours Online Services Our Staff Practice News Contact Us Home New Patients New Patients Register as a New Patient The doctors welcome new patients who live within our practice area (opposite). A patient does not need to be “ordinarily resident” in the country to be eligible for NHS primary medical care – this only applies to secondary (hospital) care. You are required to complete our new patient forms. These can be collected from reception or alternatively completed online by clicking on the links below. To register online, please complete both the New Patient Registration and New Patient Questionnaire forms below. Incomplete questionnaires will delay the processing of your registration. Welcome Letter When applying to become a patient there is no regulatory requirement to prove identity, address, immigration status or the provision of an NHS number in order to register. However, there are practical reasons why we need to be assured that people are who they say they are, or to check where they live. Seeing some form of ID will help to ensure the correct matching of a patient to the NHS central patient registry. It is legitimate therefore for this practice to apply a policy to ask for patient ID as part of their registration process. New Patient Registration Form How to Register for Patient Access to Medical Records Patient Access is a secure system to allows you to see your medical record and test results online. This service is only available to fully registered patients over the age of 16, or to parents/guardians of patients under the age of 16. To register your interest for this service you need to contact the reception staff and ask for registration for Patient Access. You will need to bring some photo ID, i.e. passport or driving license with you at this time. You will then be issued with your access codes and registration instructions. Once you have read the instructions you can connect to the website at any time and register. You can visit the Patient Access website by clicking on the link below. The first time you use the site you will be asked to register. Here you will need to enter the registration codes given to you by the practice. Patient Access Consenting to Other People Being Involved in Your Healthcare If you would like to given your written consent for someone else to contact us on your behalf (e.g. a relative or next of kin), please complete this form and visit Hillingdon Health Centre reception together with proof of identity so that we may process it. Please note that this is a requirement in order to prevent Safeguarding incidents, and without this we will only be able to discuss healthcare concerns directly with the patient. Please note - this requirement does not apply to children under the age of 18. Proxy Consent Form How do I book appointments online? You cannot book appointments through Patient Access anymore. Instead to book an appointment online, please click here and follow the instructions. Change of Details It is very important to inform us about any change of contact details like address, telephone numbers, next of kin information. Proof of new address will be required. Also, it is the patient’s responsibility to update the Hospital if undergoing treatment with their change in personal details. Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Disabled Patient Facilities Disabled patient facilities are also available at this practice. (Car park space, ramp, toilet etc). Find Us Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: Albanian Arabic Bengali Bulgarian Cantonese Croatian Farsi French Gujerati Hindi Lithuanian Mandarin Polish Portuguese Punjabi Russian Somali Spainish Turkish Urdu Page last reviewed: 01 December 2025 Page created: 19 February 2025 Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map