Skip to main content Cookies on the Eastbury Surgery website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Eastbury Surgery 3 Eastbury RoadHA6 3BG01923 845 945 CQC Rating: Good Language Search Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the Surgery Cancer Health information News Contact Us Home Join the surgery Join the surgery Register with the Surgery New patients are welcome to join the Practice as long as they live in the Practice area. We use an online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with us. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. To assist us in locating your previous medical record it would be useful if you have your NHS number. Please bring with your proof of address and your passport or birth certificate and we would prefer to see a recent (last 3 months) utility bill, bank statement or similar, but there is no legal requirement to do so. The name on the documents must be the registrant’s name unless you can provide a marriage certificate or deed of change of name. Your registration status with us will depend on whether you are staying temporarily in the area or are a permanent resident. When you register you will also be asked to fill out a medical questionnaire. This is because it can take a considerable time for us to receive your medical records from your previous surgery. Please note the registration process can take up to 10 working days. Paper forms are still available if you need one. Patients currently registered with us who move away will need to register with a new local GP. Practice Boundary Postcode Search Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access, please collect a proxy access form from reception from 9am to 5pm. Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Page last reviewed: 04 September 2025 Page created: 22 July 2025 Support links Useful Contacts & Links Text Messaging Reminders Data Choices Patient Charter Practice Policies Care Connection Team (CCTs) H4ALL Integrated Sexual & Reproductive Health Summary Care Record Carers Direct Pregnancy Care Planner You and Your General Practice Patient Participation Group Complaints and Feedback GP Earnings Surgery Policies and Procedures Privacy Policy Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map Sign in 2026 Built by My Surgery Website