Cookies on this website This website would like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We'll also use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about how Google uses cookies. Accept Decline The Devonshire Lodge Practice Hillingdon ICB Opening Times Search the The Devonshire Lodge Practice website Home Appointments Prescriptions Clinics & Services Register with our Practice Practice Team Contact Home Register with our practice Register with our practice New Patients New patients wishing to register with the practice must live in our catchment area (see map) and must complete the application pack (available at reception or see below to download). The Devonshire Lodge Practice does not accept ‘out of area’ patients. Patients currently registered with us who move away will need to register with a new local GP. To assist us in locating your previous medical record it would be useful if you have your NHS number. We would prefer to see a recent (last 3 months) utility bill, bank statement or similar, but there is no legal requirement to do so. The name on the documents must be the registrant’s name unless you can provide a marriage certificate or deed of change of name. Your registration status with us will depend on whether you are a visitor, staying temporarily in the area or are a permanent resident. As it often takes some time for records to be forwarded from your former practice all newly registered patients will be asked to complete a health questionnaire and are offered a new patient health check with the nurse. Further information about the Registration process is available on the NHS website (see HERE) New Baby Registration Form Under 14 Registration Form Patient registration form for all adults over the age of 14yrs GMS1 Patient Registration form Register Online We are using an NHS online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with this GP surgery. This secure system will email us your registration form. Please click the below link to register. You will be notified once your registration has been completed or there is any further information we need. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. Please follow the link to register online. https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/E86006/gpregistration/landing Catchment Area (Practice Boundary) Named GP The practice has a requirement to assign an ‘Accountable GP’ to all registered patients. All patients are assigned to a GP in the practice and this will be recorded on their medical record as their ‘Usual GP’. Patients will be advised of their assigned Accountable GP when they join the practice. Should a patient express a preference as to which GP within the practice they would prefer to have as their assigned Accountable GP, then the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate the request. Requests to change an assigned Accountable GP should be made by email to the practice. Accessing someone else's information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else using linked profiles. This is also sometimes called having proxy access. It needs to be set up by a GP surgery where you and the other person are both registered. You can then access the linked profile by using the NHS App or by logging in through the NHS website. Please telephone or speak to us in practice if you would like to request proxy access. Additional Information Carers Advice Fair Processing Notice GP Patient Survey Non-NHS Services Patient Advice Patient Participation Group Practice Policies Summary Care Record Talking Saves Lives Rapid Health FAQ Privacy Notice about Rapid Health and NHS App English▼ Accessibility Support links You and Your General Practice Improving Access to GP Services Accessibility statement Contact us Cookies Privacy policy Data Processing Admin Login Devonshire Lodge Practice CQC overall rating Good 10 July 2025 See the report © SurgeryWeb 2026 | All Rights Reserved