Skip to content Cedars Medical Centre 118 Elliott Avenue, Ruislip, Middlesex, HA4 9LZ | Tel: 020 8429 9595 Search this website Search Online Services Home News Our Practice Health Information Clinics and Services Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients How to Join Cedars Medical Centre Ruislip Contents Registration Forms and Questionnaires Catchment Area How to Register We are open for new registrations. If you would like to join our practice, please register online using the link here. Who Can Register According to PGM and BMA guidance, anyone—regardless of nationality or residential status—can register with a GP and receive care free of charge. GP practices can only refuse an application in limited circumstances, such as: the practice list is formally closed the patient lives outside the practice boundary there are other reasonable grounds Registering with Cedars Medical Centre We welcome new patients who live within our practice area. Please check with reception to confirm whether your address is within our catchment. You may be asked to bring proof of address (such as a tenancy agreement, council tax bill, utility bill, or bank statement), your NHS number, and a passport or photo ID. These documents are helpful but not mandatory—you will not be refused registration if you cannot provide them. Temporary or Permanent Registration Your registration type will depend on whether you are a visitor, staying temporarily in the area, or a permanent resident. For temporary registration, please download and complete the GMS3 form. (Please do not use the online registration option, as this is for permanent patients only.) Newly registered patients are asked to complete a health questionnaire and will be offered a new‑patient health check with our nurse. This is because it can take time for your medical records to arrive from your previous practice. Please allow 10 working days for your registration to be completed. Once this is done, you will receive a text or email from our registration team welcoming you to the practice and advising you of any next steps. While you are waiting for confirmation of your registration, you can continue to see your current GP if you need medical care. Registration Forms and Questionnaires Online Registration GMS1 Form [PDF] GMS3 – Temporary Service Form [PDF] ***IMPORTANT PLEASE NOTE*** If you are registering by sending us the hardcopy registration form, then please download the NHS APP. For all repeat medication request we strongly recommend that you order your repeat medication via the NHS App. This will save you and the practice time to process your requests and enable you to track the journey of your prescription from the point of request all the way to collection of your repeat medication. Please click on the link below to register onto the NHS App. Log in – NHS App Online About Our Surgery Practice Leaflet Disabled Patient Access Patient Participation Group Patient Survey New Patients Non-English Speakers Training Practice Appointments Home Visits Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Cedars Medical Centre 118 Elliott Avenue, Ruislip, Middlesex, HA4 9LZ Get Directions 020 8429 9595 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 08:00 to 18:30 Phone Lines are open: Mon-Friday 08:00AM -6:30PM Dr Ritu Prasad CQC overall rating Good 4 July 2023 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Cedars Medical Centre 2026