Cookies on this website This website would like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We'll also use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about how Google uses cookies. Accept Decline Important - Important Notice Hayes Medical Centre has moved to a new online consultation system, Accurx Patient Triage, from 8 July. From this date, PATCHS is no longer available, and all online requests should be submitted through our new Accurx service. Thank you for your patience and support during this transition. Hayes Medical Centre 157 Old Station Road, Hayes, Middlesex, UB3 4NA Telephone: 020 8573 2037 Hillccg.hmcpatients@nhs.net WE'RE OPEN Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Clinics & Services New Patients Practice Staff Patient Info Contact IMPROVING YOUR ACCESS TO GP SERVICES Follow Hayes Medical Centre’s Practice on WhatsApp Free Parent Webinar: The Flu Vaccine in Children & Young People Improving Your Access to GP Services Pause Marquee Play Marquee Close Marquee HomeNew Patients Update your Details - For registered patients only Prescriptions Online Appointment Booking Patient Participation Group Download Practice Leaflet Friends & Family Test New Patients Hayes Medical Centre welcomes new patients who live within our practice area. Please check with Reception to see if your address falls within our catchment area or click link below to see a map of the catchment area. You will be asked to provide proof of address (tenancy agreement, council tax bill, utility bill or bank statement), your NHS number and passport or photo identification. These documents are not a mandatory requirement and you will not be refused registration if you cannot produce them. Your registration status with us will depend on whether you are a visitor, staying temporarily in the area or are a permanent resident. As it often takes some time for records to be forwarded from your former practice, all newly registered patients will be asked to complete a health questionnaire. You may also download and print out the health questionnaire as well as the registration form using the links below and fill it in and bring it with you to the surgery along with your proof of identity and address. Opening Times Monday 08:00am to 06:30pm Extended hours between 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm Tuesday 08:00am to 06:30pm Extended hours between 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm Wednesday 08:00am to 06:30pm Extended hours between 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm Thursday 08:00am to 06:30pm Extended hours between 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm Friday 08:00am to 06:30pm Extended hours between 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm Saturday 08:30am to 05:00pm Pre-booked GP and nursing appointments. Sunday CLOSED Useful Links Register with Hayes Medical Centre Online Download the NHS App (ACCESS YOUR MEDICAL RECORDS, GET YOUR TEST RESULTS, PRESCRIPTIONS AND APPOINTMENTS INSTANTLY ) You and your general practice NHS A-Z Conditions Live Well Calculate your Heart Age Check your Blood Pressure Reading C.B. Patel & Partners CQC overall rating Good 20 July 2023 See the report You and Your General Practice Privacy Policy | Accessibility | Cookies Staff Login Accessibility Tools English▼