Cookies on our website We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d also like to use analytics cookies so we can understand how patients use our website and make improvements. Accept analytics cookiesDecline analytics cookiesFind out more Skip to main content Language 01895 632021 / 01895 632114 Text Size King Edward's & Swakeleys Medical Centres Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Services Surgery Information Health Information & Support Contact Home > New Patients New Patients King Edwards and Swakeley’s Road Medical Centre is happy to register new patients that are within our catchment area. Register as New Patient New patients wishing to register with the practice must live in our catchment area We now offer Digital Registration with the Practice - start the registration process online. Find your NHS number here Alternatively, please complete the registration forms which are available at reception or for download below PRF1 Registration form New patient registration form (PDF, 173KB) Patient access registration form (DOCX, 14B) How to register for Online Services at Patient Access (DOCX, 1.68MB) You will be asked to provide proof of address (current tenancy agreement, council tax bill, utility bill or bank statement), your NHS number and passport or photo identification. These documents are not a mandatory requirement and you will not be refused registration if you cannot produce them. Your registration status with us will depend on whether you are a visitor, staying temporarily in the area or are a permanent resident. As it often takes some time for records to be forwarded from your former practice, all newly registered patients will be asked to complete a health questionnaire and are offered a new patient health check with the nurse. Practice Boundary Map Named Accountable GP information New Patient Health Check As part of your registration, with this practice, you are required to have a Health Check with our Practice Pharmacist who will take your blood pressure and offer advice on healthy lifestyle. Please bring any medications that you are currently taking. If you are between 40 and 74 you may be invited for an NHS health check as part of the registration process even if you do not have a long term medical condition. It is a 10 minute appointment and needs to be booked at the time of your registration, before an appointment can be booked with the GP. Your Named GP From 1 April 2015, practices have been required under the GMS contract to allocate a named, accountable GP to all patients, including children therefore all our patients have a named, or ‘usual’ GP. Please note that for all patients registered at King Edwards and Swakeleys Medical Centre the Named Accountable GP is Dr Mahendra Mashru. Having a named GP should in no way stop you from seeing whichever GP you choose to book an appointment with – so long as they have an appointment available for you to book. Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Last Updated 8 Oct 2024 Share Print Facebook Bluesky X (Twitter) LinkedIn Mastodon Site Sign In Sitemap Back To Top About Disclaimer Website Privacy Website Accessibility Cookies Content Attribution Contact King Edward's Medical Centre King Edward's Medical Centre, 19 King Edwards Road, Ruislip, Middlesex, HA4 7AE 01895 632021 / 01895 632114 Swakeleys Medical Centre 93 Swakeleys Road, Ickenham, Middlesex, UB10 8DQ 01895 632021 / 01895 632114 © Neighbourhood Direct Ltd 2026 GP Practice Website by Oldroyd Publishing Group