Skip to main content Cookies on the Oxford Drive Medical Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Oxford Drive Medical Centre Menu Opening Hours Contact Us Home Join the practice Join the practice Anyone can register by completing an Application Form and New Patient Questionnaire as long as they live within the practice catchment area. Our practice policy requests proof of ID and a current proof of residence to ensure the correct matching of a patient to the NHS central patient registry. If you are unable to provide this please speak to the Practice Manager or member of the Admin Team who will be able to help you. We register new patients between 10:00 – 12:00 and 14:00 – 18:00. For children aged 6 years and below please also bring in their immunisation history. This is usually recorded in their Red Book. Paper copies of the Application Form & New Patient Questionnaires are available at Reception. Temporary Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: Albanian Arabic Bengali English Bulgarian Cantonese Croatian French Farsi Gujerati Hindi Lithuanian Mandarin Portuguese Polish Punjabi Somali Russian Turkish Spanish Urdu Change of Personal Details Please notify the surgery as soon as possible of any changes of name, address and contact numbers. Please supply proof of your new address by supplying a current utility bill, bank or credit card statement, solicitor’s letter or tenancy agreement for each person over the age of 16 years old. Page last reviewed: 18 February 2026 Page created: 06 July 2022 Further Information Practice Policies Practice Charter You and Your General Practice GP Earnings Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map