Skip to content Heathrow Medical Centre 1 St Peter’s Way, Harlington, Hayes, UB3 5AB | Tel: 020 8754 1555 Search this website Search Register now Online Services Access Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients Contents Registering as a New Patient Our Practice Catchment Area Temporary Registration New Patient Registration Queries Register With One of Our Practices Online Registering as a New Patient New patients wishing to register with the practice must live in our catchment area (found below) and complete the registration using our online registration form (linked above) or the GMS1 registration form. Physical copies of the GMS1 registration form and our Practice registration form are also available from the practice itself, please ask a member of staff to provide you with both forms. To assist us in locating your previous medical record it would be useful if you have your NHS number. We will need to see a recent (last 3 months) utility bill, bank statement or similar. The name on the documents must be the registrants name unless you can provide a marriage certificate or deed of change of name. These documents are not a mandatory requirement and you will not be refused registration if you cannot produce them. When you have completed and returned the form, NHS England will transfer your medical records to your new practice and write to you to confirm your registration as a patient with that practice. If you’re registering a child under 5, you will have the option of registering them for the Child Health Promotion Programme. This means your child will be invited for regular health and development checks. Ask the practice for more details. Our Practice Catchment Area Catchment Area Temporary Registration If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. If you need emergency medication because you have run out while away, for example, you will need to provide evidence that this medication has been prescribed for you. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use; Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. GMS3 Temporary Registration Form. What information do I need? Try to have the following information with you when you see your temporary GP for the first time: details of any medical conditions you have details of medical conditions you’ve had in the past the name of any medicines you’re currently taking details of anything you’re allergic to contact details for your permanent or previous GP your NHS number New Patient Registration Queries How To Register With A GP Practice Information For Those Moving To Or Visiting England If you have no proof of address or identification Can I Change GP Practice? Registration For Certain Groups Feedback Heathrow Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 6 February 2024 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Heathrow Medical Centre 2026