Cookies on this website This website would like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We'll also use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about how Google uses cookies. Accept Decline Southcote Clinic North West London ICB Opening Times Search the Southcote Clinic website Home Appointments Prescriptions Clinics & Services Register with our Practice Practice Team Contact Home Register with our practice Register with our practice We are using a new online service called [Register with a GP surgery] that makes it easy to register with this GP surgery. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. Please note we welcome new patients who live within our practice catchment area. Please check the map to see if your address falls within our catchment area. Southcote Clinic does not accept ‘out of area’ patients. The online registration service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Paper forms are still available if you need one from reception or to download from the website. You are asked to bring proof of address (Tenancy agreement, council tax bill, utility bill or bank statement – within the last 3 months) your NHS number and photo ID. These documents are not a mandatory requirement but help us ensure we have up to date contact details to forward important medical updates and ensure your medical records follow you to your new practice. You will not be refused registration if you cannot produce them. Register with a GP surgery Our Practice Registration form (PRF) is available below if your prefer to download this and bring to the surgery. PRF1 Catchment Area (Practice Boundary) Named GP Registered patients will be allocated a named GP who is responsible for their overall care at the practice, however you will be able to book an appointment with any GP or Practice Nurse working at the clinic. If you have a preference to a particular GP the practice will make reasonable effort to accommodate your request. Additional Information Carers Identification and Referral Coronavirus (COVID-19) Vaccine Data Sharing Flu Vaccinations Health Lifestyle Action Non-NHS Services Patient Confidentiality Patient Participation Group Weight Loss Management English▼ Accessibility Support links You and Your General Practice Accessibility statement Contact us Cookies Privacy policy Data Processing Admin Login Southcote Clinic CQC overall rating Good 27 February 2024 See the report © SurgeryWeb 2026 | All Rights Reserved