We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Customize Reject All Accept All Fitzrovia Medical Centre NHS Home Register Appointments Prescriptions Services PPG About Us Contact us Registering with the surgery Our catchment area covers large parts of Westminster and Camden and our list is always open. How to register: New Patient Registration All patients wishing to join the practice will need to attend the practice in person at any time after 10am. You are also required to fill out the two separate registration forms and provide a recent proof of address. For more information on how to register, and to download the pre-registration forms, please visit the ‘registration forms’ section of our website. Forms are also available at the reception front desk if you are unable to download them. If you are not able to attend the practice to register due health reasons, please contact the reception team to discuss. If you have any medical conditions that you think we should be made aware please inform the reception team. Please also let us know if you have any access needs that you require support for. Our catchment area covers large parts of Westminster and Camden and our list is always open. Use to tool below to see if you live within our catchment area Check Postcode Fitzrovia Medical Centre × + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Registeration forms If you live in the catchment area would like to register online please follow this link Online registration Alternatively you may print off a registration form, fill it out and bring it in with you on your first visit to the practice. Registration form – GMS1 or Registration Form Easy Read You can also email the forms to us. Note that by sending the form you will be transmitting information about your self across the Internet and although every effort is made to keep this information secure, no guarantee can be offered in this respect. Out Of Area Patients At Fitzrovia Medical Centre, we offer the option for patients living outside our catchment area to register with us. However, it’s important to understand that out-of-area registrations come with specific limitations. While you’ll have access to routine GP services like consultations and repeat prescriptions, we cannot provide home visits or urgent care services at your home. We will also be unable to refer you to some local community services. Some patients, such as children, housebound individuals, patient supported by the social services or those needing regular community services, may not be suitable for out-of-area registration due to their specific healthcare needs. Each registration request will undergo a clinical assessment to ensure it is safe and practical. We are committed to providing the best possible care and will always prioritise your health and safety when making these decisions. If you have any questions about whether out-of-area registration is right for you, please contact us directly. Out of Area (OOA) patient please see the OOA contact information sheet above. * Paper versions of all registration forms are available at reception front desk. Postal Registrations Please print out the GMS1 registration documents, complete in block capitals and hand in to reception. Post these forms back to reception, but please note that if the forms are not completed properly and in block capitals or the GMS1 form is not signed this will delay your registration Please remember to sign the GMS1 form or you will be unable to register at the practice. Named GP for all Patients From April 2015 all GP practices are required to provide all their patients with a named GP who will have overall responsibility for the care and support that our surgery provides to them. Address Fitzrovia Medical Centre, 31 Fitzroy Sq., London, W1T6EU Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Saturdays & Sundays: closed Contact 020 7387 5798 CLCCG.Fitzroviamedicalcentre@nhs.net Out of hours: 111 Fitzrovia Medical Centre NHS © 2024 Fitzrovia Medical Centre Privacy Policy Accessibility Website developed by Apotek Analytics Ltd. EN Your Voice Matters to Us We’re always looking for ways to improve your care and how you access our services. Please take five minutes to complete our feedback form. Start the survey ×