Skip to content The Elgin Clinic 40 Elgin Avenue, London, W9 3QT | Tel: 020 7286 0747 Search this website Search Online Services Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryRegistering with Us Registering with Us Registration will need to be completed before you can book an appointment with us. Please allow five working days from submitting the form for registration to be completed, we will send a text to confirm you are registered with us. You will remain registered with your previous GP until you are fully registered with us. We cannot issue any repeat prescriptions until we receive confirmation of your past medical history and medication so do ask your previous GP for a supply. Please contact the practice if you are registering children (under 16 years old) in your care before completing an online registration. Register Online Step 1: Check Catchment Area Please confirm that you live within our Practice Catchment Area: We can only register patients who live in the W9 and W10 postcode areas. Catchment Area Map Step 2: Complete a Patient Registration Form Our online registration form will collect your details, a brief outline of your medical history and record your preferences. This information may be added to your record and will allow us to begin to provide you with medical services. Patient Registration Form Step 3: Register for Online GP Services and Upload Identification Please register for Access to Online GP Services. To register for online services we do require a copy of your photo identification (passport, driving license or European Union (EU) Identity card). You can upload a copy of your identity with the ‘Upload Identification’ button below, or if you prefer to submit your documents in person please speak to the reception team. Register for Online GP Services Upload Identification I do not want to register online If you prefer not to register online please complete the following steps: Use our Practice Catchment Area Tool to ensure you live with our catchment area. Download and complete a GMS1 Permanent Patient Registration form (also available from reception). Return your completed registration forms to reception along with your photo id. Valid forms of Identification Routine Health Check When you register, you will be booked to see the Practice Nurse for a routine health check. This enables us to record important information about your health and provide you information about protecting your health. Accountable Named GP for All Patients About Our Surgery We are a Safe Surgery Request for Non-NHS Services View Medical Record Summary Patient Feedback Public Transport and Car Parking Patients with Particular Needs Patient Participation Group Patients Responsibilities Change of Contact Details Patient Charter Chaperones Primary Care Network Health Information in Other Languages Registering with Us Temporary Residents Friends & Family Test Meet the Team The Elgin Clinic 40 Elgin Avenue, London, W9 3QT 020 7286 0747 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm The Elgin Clinic The provider of this service changed Rating from inspection with previous provider Requires improvement 4 August 2022 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Elgin Clinic 2026