We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Customize Reject All Accept All NHS Crawford Street Surgery Home Register Appointments Prescriptions Services About Us Contact us Registering with the surgery Confirm your address is in the boundary and complete our registration form to join the surgery How to register We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area. Check Crawford Street Surgery × + − Leaflet We are currently accepting New Patient Registration Applications between Tuesday – Friday from 11:00 am to 4:00 pm only. Please visit the surgery between those times for New Patient Registration Applications. Our current process times for New Patient Registration is 5 working days. Option 1- Register via NHS website: We are using an online service called Register with a GP surgery via Healthtech Hub and makes it easy to register with this GP surgery. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. This service cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Click on the link below: Register online Go or you scan the QR code to register Option 2- Email: Please email us the completed New Patient Registration Applications to nhsnwl.css@nhs.net along with a proof of ID and a proof of address. GMS1 form Adult Registration Form or Child Registration Form Read our full practice patient registration policy (Pdf) Please complete all the forms as incomplete forms will delay your registration. Temporary Residents If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Overseas Visitors Primary care is free for all and the first point of contact for most people. It is delivered by a wide range of independent contractors, such as general practitioners (GPs), dentists, pharmacists and optometrists, through NHS walk-in centres and the NHS 111 telephone service. Hospital treatment is free to people classed as “ordinarily resident” in the UK. This is not dependent on nationality, payment of UK taxes, National Insurance (NI) contributions, being registered with a GP, having an NHS Number or owning property in the UK. To be considered ordinarily resident, and entitled to free hospital treatment, you must be living in the UK on a lawful and properly settled basis for the time being – you may be asked to prove this. Non-EEA nationals who are subject to immigration control are not classed as ordinarily resident unless they have indefinite leave to remain. For more information please see here. Address The Crawford Street, 95-97 Crawford Street, London, W1H 2HJ Opening hours Monday to Friday: 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Saturdays: Closed Sundays: Closed Contact 0207 723 6324 nhsnwl.css@nhs.net Out of hours: 111 NHS Crawford Street Surgery © 2025 – Crawford Street Surgery Policies Privacy Policy Accessibility Website developed by Apotek Analytics Ltd. EN