Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings The Pembridge Villas Surgery Menu Register now HOME REGISTRATIONS Register as a New Patient How to Register Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap To register you can: Complete our online registration form. Register as a new patient online You can also: Visit reception from 10am to 6pm and collect a paper registration form You will need to provide Photo ID and Proof of Address. We may not be able to register you without these. Please advise us if you are unable to provide them, we are aware that some people may not have access to these documents and this is taken into account. When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. See further information on Temporary Registration Overseas Visitors For Guidance on overseas visitors please please visit the government website for further information. Your Named GP The surgery provides all patients with a named GP who will have overall responsibility for the care and support that our surgery provides to them. We need to divide our patients evenly between all of our doctors, so they can manage their workload. Therefore to do this fairly and impartially, we have selected patients by surname to match to a doctor. We know that some patients will wish their named GP to be a particular doctor. Where a patient expresses a preference as to which doctor they have been assigned, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate this request, but we would like to reassure patients that this system does not prevent you from seeing any GP in the practice as you currently do. Your named GP will not be available at all times. You do not need to take any further action and will be informed of your named GP in due course. In the meantime, if you wish to be told the name of your accountable GP, please ask the receptionists when you are next in the surgery. Contact The Pembridge Villas Surgery 45 Pembridge Villas London W11 3EP Telephone: 0207 727 2222 The Practice About Us Opening Hours Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Our Services Latest News Quick Links Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Complaints & Feedback Health Resources Self-Referrals Self-Help NHS Referrals Health Forms Health A to Z Medicines A to Z Live Well Mental Health Providing NHS Services Care Quality Commission Rating: Good Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. YES NO