Skip to content Shirland Medical Queens Park Health Centre, Dart Street, London, W10 4LD Search this website Search Online Services Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryRegistering with Us Registering with Us Contents How to Register as a Patient Valid forms of Identification Accountable Named GP Patient Registration Registration will need to be completed before you can book an appointment with us. Your registration will not be complete until you have received a confirmation text from the practice. You will remain registered with your previous GP until you are fully registered with us. We cannot issue any repeat prescriptions until we receive confirmation of your past medical history and medication so do ask your previous GP for a supply. If you are registering a child aged under 16 years please ensure the child’s vaccination history is uploaded with the documentation. How to Register as a Patient For residents of the Boroughs of Westminster, Kensington and Chelsea please continue to the online registration form. We have full access to all available services available in these boroughs. For residents of the Borough of Brent(postcodes starting NW2, NW6, NW10), please consider registering with a GP in the borough of Brent instead if you need: Frailty and Home Visiting Services: Brent Health and Social care services do not allow our patients to access the full range of home support services that are needed for patients with frailty conditions. If you need home visiting support and live in Brent, we strongly recommend registering at a GP service located within the Borough of Brent instead of us for easier access to full range of Brent borough services. Mental Health Conditions requiring a psychiatrist, the community mental health team, mental health hub or home visiting services (e.g. home treatment team): Brent based GP services have extra support and liaison staff that closely work with and link to Brent Mental Health Services directly which we do not have access to. If this applies, we strongly recommend registering at a GP service located in the Borough of Brent instead of us for easier access to the full range of Brent based services. Register with us Online Other ways to register Valid forms of Identification To register we require photo identification (ID) (passport, drivers licence or European Union Identity card). If you are homeless or of no fixed abode, then although it is helpful to have photo ID you can register without any. Any other ID such as an HC2 Certificate, Rough Sleepers’ Identity badge, Hostel registration or mail forwarding letter would also be helpful but again we will register you even if you don’t have these. As we know it is more important that you can access health care when you need it. If you are unsure on how to register, please ask at reception and they can help you to complete the registration process. Accountable Named GP All patients registered at Shirland Medical have a named doctor who has overall responsibility for your care and support. Your registered GP is also your named accountable and your allocated GP. Your allocated GP will be responsible for the provision of your healthcare. If you choose to see another doctor at the surgery you are entirely free to go on doing so exactly as before. New patients are allocated a Doctor on Registration. If you are unsure of who is your named Doctor please ask at reception. About Our Surgery Our Primary Care Network Patient Feedback Extended Hours Compliments, comments and complaints Change of Contact Details Registering with Us Upload Your Identification Patient Participation Group Consult with your Doctor Online Consultation Guide Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Shirland Medical Queens Park Health Centre, Dart Street, London, W10 4LD Get Directions 020 8969 2626 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Shirland Medical CQC overall rating Good 15 February 2024 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Shirland Medical 2026 English