Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Notting Hill Medical Centre NHS GP surgery in West London Search the Notting Hill Medical Centre website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery We are currently accepting new patients. Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. You can also find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: Use the NHS Register with a GP: Notting Hill Medical Centre service. Once you have completed the form you will need to come into the practice with proof of identity to complete your registration. Alternatively, please come into reception to complete the registration forms in person. When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. What identification (ID) do we need? Acceptable Identification; tenancy agreement, mortgage agreement, bank statement, driving licence, passport, birth certificate etc. Until you have submitted your ID you will not be registered at the practice. New patient prescriptions Welcome to the surgery, if you normally take regular repeat medication please let us know by: giving us a copy of your repeat prescription slip give us a copy of your medication label on your medication box or bottle which has your name, medication dosage and date We will automatically put this on your repeat prescription here at the surgery. Please allow 2 working days for a prescription request. Temporary residents If you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. To register as a temporary resident, you will need to complete a GMS3 form. Please return the completed form to the surgery. You can register as a temporary resident with a GP in England if you are in the area for longer than 24 hours but less than three months. For further information, you can find out how to register as a temporary resident. Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 25 June 2025 14 Codrington Mews London W11 2EH Get directions 0207 727 5800 Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Dr Rachael Garner CQC overall rating Good 4 April 2018 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies