Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Holland Park Surgery Menu Register now HOME REGISTRATIONS Register as a New Patient How to Register Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap To register you can: Complete our online registration form. Register as a new patient online You can also: Visit reception from 10am to 6pm and collect a paper registration form We aim to process your registration with 1 to 5 working days. When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. SAFE SURGERIES Don’t have documents? Don’t worry We might ask for ID or proof of address. But if you don’t have any you can still register with us. We won't ask for immigration documents. Learn more about our Safe Surgery status Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. See further information on Temporary Registration Overseas Visitors For Guidance on overseas visitors please please visit the government website for further information. Your Named GP The surgery provides all patients with a named GP who will have overall responsibility for the care and support that our surgery provides to them. We need to divide our patients evenly between all of our doctors, so they can manage their workload. Therefore, to do this fairly and impartially, we have selected patients by surname to match to a doctor. We know that some patients will wish their named GP to be a particular doctor. Where a patient expresses a preference as to which doctor they have been assigned, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate this request, but we would like to reassure patients that this system does not prevent you from seeing any GP in the practice as you currently do. Your named GP will not be available at all times. You do not need to take any further action and will be informed of your named GP in due course. In the meantime, if you wish to be told the name of your accountable GP, please ask the receptionists when you are next in the surgery. Did you find what you were looking for? Tell us about your experience by leaving feedback. Rate This Page Contact Holland Park Surgery Lower Ground Floor Kensington Central Library 12 Phillimore Walk London W8 7RX Telephone: 020 7221 4334 The Practice About Us Opening Hours Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Our Services Latest News Quick Links Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Complaints & Feedback Health Resources Self-Referrals Self-Help NHS Referrals Health Forms Health A to Z Medicines A to Z Live Well Mental Health Providing NHS Services Care Quality Commission Rating: Good Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. YES NO