Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Garway Medical Practice Menu Register now HOME REGISTRATIONS Register as a New Patient How to Register When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. To register you can: 1. Complete our online registration form. Register as a new patient online 2. Come to practice any day between 8am to 6:30pm Monday to Friday and collect a paper registration form. Don’t have documents? Don’t worry We might ask for ID or proof of address. But if you don’t have any you can still register with us. We won't ask for immigration documents. What happens after registration? Once your registration is complete: You will be assigned a GP You will be send a message saying you are registered and ask you to download the NHS app You can then book appointments on the NHS app If you already have the NHS app make sure you update it so you can continue accessing your medication and medical records Temporary Services If you feel unwell away from home or need a doctor but aren't registered, you can register as a temporary patient. This lasts for up to 3 months. It allows you to join the local practice list while staying a patient of your permanent GP. After three months, you must re-register as a temporary patient or register permanently with that practice. See further information on Temporary Registration Overseas Visitors For Guidance on overseas visitors please please visit the government website for further information. Your Named GP The surgery provides all patients with a named GP who will have overall responsibility for the care and support that our surgery provides to them. We need to divide our patients evenly between all of our doctors, so they can manage their workload. Therefore to do this fairly and impartially, we have selected patients by surname to match to a doctor. We know that some patients will wish their named GP to be a particular doctor. Where a patient expresses a preference as to which doctor they have been assigned, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate this request, but we would like to reassure patients that this system does not prevent you from seeing any GP in the practice as you currently do. Your named GP will not be available at all times. You do not need to take any further action and will be informed of your named GP in due course. In the meantime, if you wish to be told the name of your accountable GP, please ask the receptionists when you are next in the surgery. Contact Garway Medical Practice Pickering House Bishops Bridge Road London W2 6HF Telephone: 020 7616 2900 The Practice About Us Opening Hours Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Our Services Latest News Quick Links Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Complaints & Feedback Health Resources Self-Referrals Self-Help NHS Referrals Health Forms Health A to Z Medicines A to Z Live Well Mental Health Providing NHS Services Care Quality Commission Rating: Requires Improvement Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. YES NO