Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Grand Union Health Centre Menu Register now HOME REGISTRATIONS Register as a New Patient We welcome new patients living in and around West London, including Westminster and surrounding areas. Register online in a just few minutes, available 24/7 No ID, proof of address or NHS number required Open to UK nationals and all foreign passport holders Email and offline registration options available Free registration support at 0207 286 1231 Grand Union Health Centre: Trusted Local NHS GP Practice Whether you live nearby, study near our practice, work locally, or plan on spending time in the area, registering with us now ensures quick access to health care when you need it. To register you can: 1. Complete our online registration form. Register online through the NHS website 24/7. Register as a new patient online 2. Download a registration form PDF Download the form, complete it at home using a PDF editor or print it out and fill it in by hand. You can then email the completed form back to the practice, or bring it in and submit it at reception. Download registration form PDF 3. Complete a paper form at our practice Come to the practice between 8am and 6:30pm (Monday to Friday) if you would prefer to collect and complete a paper registration form in person. We aim to process your registration on the same day. Frequently asked questions about registering with an NHS doctor What information should I have on hand when registering? Can I register even if I do not need medical treatment right now? Can I register with Grand Union Health Centre even if there are closer NHS GP practices to my home? Do I need a photo ID, proof of address, immigration documents, or an NHS number to register? Can I register if I’m visiting the UK or living here temporarily? How can I register with Grand Union Health Centre? Is registering with an NHS DR free? SAFE SURGERIES Don’t have documents? Don’t worry We might ask for ID or proof of address. But if you don’t have any you can still register with us. We won't ask for immigration documents. Learn more about our Safe Surgery status What happens after registration? Once your registration is complete: You will be assigned a GP You will be send a message saying you are registered and ask you to download the NHS app You can then book appointments on the NHS app If you already have the NHS app make sure you update it so you can continue accessing your medication and medical records Temporary Services If you feel unwell away from home or need a doctor but aren't registered, you can register as a temporary patient. This lasts for up to 3 months. It allows you to join the local practice list while staying a patient of your permanent GP. After three months, you must re-register as a temporary patient or register permanently with that practice. See further information on Temporary Registration Overseas Visitors For Guidance on overseas visitors please please visit the government website for further information. Our catchment area Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Our practices GP Bayswater GP Westbourne Grove GP Notting Hill GP Paddington GP Harrow Road GP Maida Vale GP Queens Park GP Little Venice Ward GP Church Street GP Lancaster Grove Did you find what you were looking for? Tell us about your experience by leaving feedback. Rate This Page Contact Grand Union Health Centre 209 Harrow Road London W2 5EH Telephone: 0207 286 1231 All incoming and outgoing calls are recorded. The Practice About Us Opening Hours Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Our Services Latest News Surgery History Quick Links Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Complaints & Feedback Travel Health/Holiday Vaccines Health Resources Self-Referrals Self-Help NHS Referrals Health Forms Health A to Z Medicines A to Z Live Well Mental Health Providing NHS Services Care Quality Commission Rating: Good Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. YES NO