Skip to content The Chelsea Practice Committed to caring for the health of you and your family Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information Contact News English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients We are currently accepting new patients that live in the catchment area. How to Register Please view our catchment area – List of streets on one page Catchment Area To register with our practice please complete the online form: https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/E87665 The online form will be sent to the practice automatically. Please also complete the supporting forms below. Please ensure this form is emailed to the practice on chelsea.reception@nhs.net or bring the completed form to the practice and hand into the Reception team: Adult Registration form (aged 16 years and over only) Child Registration form (aged 15 years and under only) Once both forms are completed and the requested identification is sent to the practice we will aim to register you within 5-10 working days. If you are unable to access these documents please call the Reception team on 020 7349 7330. Please see the list of roads that are in the practice catchment area: List of streets on one page. What identification (ID) do we need? Acceptable Identification so that we can check the details on your form are accurate; tenancy agreement, mortgage agreement, driving license, passport, birth certificate etc. Until you have submitted both forms and had your ID checked you will not be registered at the practice. Temporary Patient Registrations Overseas Visitors Non-English Speakers Find Your NHS Number The Chelsea Practice 43 Chelsea Manor Street, London, SW3 5RR Get Directions 020 7349 7330 chelsea.reception@nhs.net Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm The Chelsea Practice The address of this service has changed Rating from last inspection at previous address Good 13 September 2017 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Chelsea Practice 2026