Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Kynance Practice NHS GP Surgery in West London Search the Kynance Practice website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area. Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. You can also find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: visit the surgery with two forms of identification call the practice on 0207 581 3040 and we will send you the application form Acceptable identification includes: Passport Birth certificate HC2 certificate Rough sleepers’ identity badge Hostel registration / mail forwarding letter Until we have seen your identification you will not be registered at the practice. For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS website. When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Temporary residents GP2GP GP2GP enables patients’ electronic health records to be transferred directly and securely between GP practices. It improves patient care as GPs will usually have full and detailed medical records available to them for a new patient’s first consultation. Patient benefits When patients move practices, paper medical records can take weeks to arrive but GP2GP transfers are faster, more reliable and more secure than the existing paper-based method of transferring patient records. This means your new practice will have your full and detailed medical record available in time for your very first appointment. FAQ Overseas visitors If your country has a healthcare agreement with the UK you may not have to pay. For more information, see NHS: how to access NHS services in England if you are visiting from abroad. Blood and organ preferences Should patients wish to record their blood and organ preferences, they can do so directly through the blood and organ donation online registration websites, or by phone: Blood donation Organ donation Blood or organ donation by phone: 0300 123 23 23 Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 17 April 2025 7 Kynance Place London SW7 4QS Get directions 020 7581 3040 Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Kynance Practice CQC overall rating Good 27 March 2024 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies