Skip to content Skip to content 020 7834 5502 | nhsnwl.millbank@nhs.net Home Patients Practice Out of hours Contact Patient online service Search Registering as a New Patient There are three ways to register as a new patient: Register Online [use the below link to begin your online registration]. Register In-Person [come into the surgery and we will help you complete the necessary forms]. Download, print and complete the form below and then bring into the surgery]. Register Online PRF1 Registration Form [click to download] Once registered with Millbank Medical Centre you will also have the option to register with: PATCHS – our online consultation service. SystmOnline/Airmid App – our online services platform, giving you access to your medical records online. We will contact you via text or email once your registration is complete. If you have any queries regarding your registration, please contact the Surgery on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday 08:00 – 17:00 on 0207 834 5502, and select Option 3. Do I need any additional documents to register? You need a proof of address, like a utility bill, council tax form, or tenancy agreement. It must be dated within the last 3 months to register as a patient. We only need photographic ID if you want to access your medical records online. NB: We will not save any of these documents to your medical records. There are also a few more documents that will help us keep comprehensive healthcare records: For children (and adults from abroad), we need their immunisation/vaccination history. For females aged between 25 and 65 years, we need the date of your last cervical smear. If you’re from abroad and want to send us copies of past healthcare letters, please include an English translation with them. Opening hours Mon-Fri 08:00-18:30 Contact 020 7834 5502 nhsnwl.millbank@nhs.net 20 Page Street Westminster London SW1P 4EN Complaints Copyright © 2021 Millbank Medical Centre | Crafted by Little Vitamin We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Cookie settings ACCEPT English