Skip to Main Content A SPECIALIST GP PRACTICE FOR THE STUDENTS AND STAFF OF KCL BUSH HOUSE 3RD FLOOR, SOUTH EAST WING, 300 THE STRAND, LONDON WC2B 4PJ EMAIL kingscollegehc@nhs.net For Healthcare Professionals only TELEPHONE 0204 548 9842 Please note that ALL inbound and outbound calls are recorded for training and monitoring purposes We are open Monday & Wednesday 9:00 - 20.00 Tuesday, Thursday & Friday 9:00 - 18:30 REGISTRATION REGISTER ONLINE REGISTRATION INFORMATION CATCHMENT AREA OUT OF AREA REGISTRATION HOME PAGE English 中文 INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS REGISTRATION INFORMATION You have to be a registered patient to book appointments at King's College London NHS Health Centre. You can be registered at King's College London NHS Health Centre if: You are a current student of the University (King's College London) You are employed by the University (King's College London) You are the partner/spouse of a student or staff member at the University living at the same address. To register, please click here: Register Online and fill in the registration form. PLEASE ONLY SUBMIT IT ONCE. If you are unsure about the status of your registration, please contact us. ​ If you are a member of staff at KCL, please chose "Yes" when prompted about student details and then freetext 'STAFF ID number' in the ID number field. A member of our team may get back to you later on during registration to clarify any missing details. All registering patients, please indicate Date of very first UK entry if international student/staff Your previous address Your current GP in the UK, if applicable ​​​ There is no regulatory requirement to provide proof of ID, address details, immigration status or an NHS number in order to register. We do require evidence of your student/staff member status, which is normally your KCL ID card. Once you have completed the registration form, you can book appointments (see: Appointments) with one of the clinicians straight away. ​​​​ For new patients and international students, please read our NHS Guide and You& Your GP guide for a quick orientation to the NHS and our practice. CATCHMENT AREA Our catchment area includes the whole of London.​ If you do not live in our catchment area, please see below information about Out Of Area Registration. OUT OF AREA REGISTRATION If you live outside our catchment area (please see map above) the Health Centre will still register you without the option of home visits if it is clinically appropriate and practical in your individual case. To register you in this way we may need to: Ask you or the practice you are currently registered with questions about your health to help decide whether to register you in this way Ask you questions about why it is practical for you to attend this practice If accepted you can attend the practice and receive the full range of services provided. If you have an urgent care need and you cannot make it to the Health Centre we may ask you to call NHS 111 who will put you in touch with your local service. This arrangement only applies to patients who live in England. For further information visit the NHS choices website: www.nhs.uk INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS YOUR HEALTH IS IMPORTANT There are a few life admin tasks you will need to sort out before you start your journey at King’s College London. One of them will be registering with an NHS GP (General Practitioner). In the UK, GP are doctors trained and experienced in diagnosing a wide range of health problems, and they are usually your first point of contact when you experience any health issues. ​ To understand how the NHS works and what healthcare we as a GP practice provide, please read our NHS Guide and You & Your GP Guide which include commonly asked questions by new patients. We also have a dedicated Mandarin info hub.​ You may also want to get familiar with the NHS website, where you will find useful information and advice on how to get help and medical care as a student and find other services you may need. ​ ​ HOW DO I REGISTER WITH A GP? It is essential that you register with a local GP as soon as you get to the university so that you can access NHS services. If you live within the catchment area, you can register with us at King’s College London NHS Health Centre. We are a NHS GP Practice for staff and students of King’s College London only. ​ DO I NEED ANY VACCINATIONS BEFORE I GET TO UNIVERSITY? Click here for a guide to help you understand the vaccines offered in the UK. CAN I ACCESS MY PRESCRIBED MEDICATION IN THE UK? We can prescribe some of the more common medications such as asthma inhalers, insulin, acne treatment, antidepressants and contraceptive tablets. You must make an appointment with your GP to discuss this once you register. ​​ To make things as easy as possible, remember to bring your existing medication or prescription with you to the appointment and if possible any specialist letters or results of recent tests. Please bear in mind that you may be given slightly different medication from the one originally prescribed, as local protocols vary and some medications from abroad are not available in the UK. In some cases, you will need to be referred to a local specialist before your medication is prescribed. Sometimes, it may actually be easier to get supplies of your medication posted from home. This is particularly true of some American medications for ADHD (attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder) which are not the same in Britain. ​ HOW DO I FIND A DENTAL SURGERY? Dentists work independently from GPs. Check NHS Choices for a dentist near to where you live. ​ HOW DO I FIND AN OPTICIAN? Opticians are also independent from GPs. Check NHS Choices for an optician near to where you live. ​ IS EVERYTHING ON THE NHS FREE? If you are an international student studying in the UK for 6 months or longer, you need to pay the Immigration Healthcare Surcharge (IHS) as part of your visa application. The IHS covers most of the NHS services (with some exceptions) so you will not need to pay when accessing the healthcare service. Seeing a nurse, GP or other healthcare professional (e.g. physiotherapist, dietitian) is normally free. Tests, assessments, procedures and operations on the NHS are also free; however, this does not include some surgery such as most cosmetic operations. Also what you are charged for will depend on your eligibility for 'secondary' NHS care as above. Check this guide by UKCISA: International students' healthcare. ​ See: When you need to pay towards NHS care - NHS There is a flat charge of per prescribed medication on the NHS, although contraception and some other medications are free. There are some medicines, such as Malaria tablets, which are not prescribed on the NHS, and you will need to pay the cost price of the medicine plus a charge for a private prescription. Some vaccinations, including MMR and meningitis C, are free, whilst others such as travel vaccines (see our Travel clinic webpage) incur a charge. ​ Accident and Emergency (A&E) Departments are for serious, life-threatening injuries and illnesses only. There is no charge for true emergencies, although if you are admitted to the hospital or referred to an outpatient clinic, this will incur a charge unless you are an NHS patient. The nearest A&E department to the Strand Campus is St Thomas’ Hospital. ​ Some students qualify for free prescriptions for medical reasons or if on low income; further information can be found here. People with certain medical conditions (e.g. diabetes, hypothyroidism) and pregnant women are also entitled to free prescriptions. Your doctor will help you to complete a medical exemption form if this is the case.​ ​ WHERE ELSE CAN I GET MEDICAL HELP? Pharmacists can often advise on minor ailments such as coughs and colds, mild acne, cuts and bruises, warts and verrucas, hay fever, BV and thrush, fungal nail infections, period pain etc. You can access a wider range of medication from a Pharmacist than you can at a supermarket. Opticians not only provide spectacles but can also check the general health of the eye, including the eye pressure and also the health of the retina. Dentists can provide advice and treatment for all aspects of mouth and dental care. They are separate from GP surgeries. To register with an NHS Dentist you will need to quote your NHS number. You will receive this in the post 2-3 months after you first register with a GP in the UK. HERE ARE SOME USEFUL WEBSITES Self Care Forum - helping people take care of themselves Immigration Health Surcharge Home Office - UK Border Agency UK Council for International Student Affairs Help with Health Costs - provides exemption certificates to those entitled and sends Prescription Pre-Payment Certificates (PPCs). Follow the link for more information on PPCs, Low Income Scheme, Medical Exemption, Pregnant Women and those who have had a baby in the last 12 months, Tax Credits and applying for a European Health Insurance Card (EHIC). Information for Mandarin Speaking Patients Information for visitors to England - Accessing health services while in England. ©2024 by King's College London NHS Health Centre. Proudly created with Wix.com