Cookies on this website This website would like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We'll also use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about how Google uses cookies. Accept Decline Church Elm Lane Medical Practice North East London ICB Opening Times English▼ Search the Church Elm Lane Medical Practice website Home Appointments Prescriptions Clinics & Services Register with our Practice Practice Team Contact Home Register with our practice Register with our practice If you live within our practice area (see below) you are welcome to register with us. You can use the link below to register at our practice quickly and easily; DO NOT USE THE LINK ABOVE TO REGISTER IF YOU ARE REQUIRE IMMEDIATE NECESSARY TREATMENT OR TEMPORARY SERVICES. Come to the surgery and complete the immediate necessary or temporary registration form. See below for more information about temporary registrations. We need to confirm your address falls in the practice area and will ask you to provide proof by way of a recent utility bill. We also require one form of photographic ID such as a passport to validate your name and date of birth. Families with children also need to provide a record of immunisation for each child. All new patients are offered a health check with a member of the healthcare team to ensure that any required tests are up to date and that we have an accurate note of any repeat medication you may be taking. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. Please contact reception for further information. Please complete all relevant information for each patient who will be registering at the practice and return registration forms during these times: Wednesday – 5.00-6.00pm Thursday – 12.00-12.45pm Friday – 4.30-5.30pm Temporary Registrations Register Online Catchment Area (Practice Boundary) Named GP As of April 2015 all NHS Practices must assign and notify patients of their Named GP. If you would like to know your Named GP please contact the surgery within working hours and our reception staff will be happy to inform you. Additional Information Medication and Travel Abroad Bilingual antenatal classes Carers Dementia Action Alliance GDPR Heidi Health AI Scribe Tool Non-NHS Services Online Services Patient Information Practice Policies Referrals Simple Wound Care Service Travel Vaccinations English▼ Accessibility Support links You and Your General Practice Accessibility statement Contact us Cookies Privacy policy Data Processing Admin Login Dr Goyal & Associates CQC overall rating Good 26 April 2017 See the report © SurgeryWeb 2026 | All Rights Reserved