Skip to content North Street Medical Care Tel: 01708 629 733 Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration Quote / Testimonial: The practice will only register patients who live within our practice boundaries. The practice area includes parts of Collier Row, Romford and Gidea Park. The boundaries are detailed on the map in the Practice Boundary Area map below: Catchment Area How to Register If you wish to register with the practice you must ideally complete the online registration form below or contact the surgery to register at reception. To register please provide the practice with the following: Proof of Identity Passport, Birth Certificate, Photo Driving Licence, Freedom Pass Proof of Residence Tenancy Agreement / Mortgage Agreement, Council Tax Bill, Utility Bill (no older than 3 months) Official Letter stating place of Residence (Home Office) Patients from Overseas Valid Visa (6 months – 2 years), Passports for all family members, Student Visa Children Under 5 Birth Certificates or Passports, Child immunisation History, NHS Number Proof of Residence Mobile Phone Bill REGISTER HERE New Patient Interviews Practice Leaflet Duty of Care If you are taking a number of medications you may be asked to make an appointment to see the doctor. If a New Patient interview is required, details will be taken of: any medication you are taking any chronic diseases you may be suffering from dates of immunisations etc. About Our Surgery Meet the Team Private Administrative Fees New Patient Registration Non English Speakers Armed forces veteran friendly GP practice Practice Policies Patient Participation Group (PPG) Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? North Street Medical Care 01708 629 733 Romford Site North Street Medical Care, 274 North Street, Romford, RM1 4QJ Get Directions Monday to Friday, 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Saturdays open fortnightly for pre-booked appointments. Chadwell Heath Health Centre Ground Floor, Ashton Gardens, Romford, RM6 6RT Get Directions Monday to Friday, 8:00 am to 6:30 pm We are closed from 1:00 pm to 2:00 pm each day. North Street Medical Care CQC overall rating Good 14 May 2026 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, North Street Medical Care 2026