Skip to main content Cookies on the Barking Medical Group Practice website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Barking Medical Group Practice Menu Home Opening Hours Online Services Meet Our Team Feedback/Complaints Our PCN (Primary Care Network) You and Your General Practice Contact Us Language Home New Patients New Patients Register as New Patient Registering with the Practice We are pleased to welcome new patients to Barking Medical Group. You can register with our practice if you live within our practice catchment area. If you are unsure whether you are within our area, please use the postcode checker or contact the surgery. Practice Boundary Check Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Information: How to Register There are two ways to register with our practice. Information: 1. Register Online You can register online by completing the NHS GP registration form. The online form is quick and secure and sends your details directly to the practice. After submitting the form, the practice team will review your registration and contact you if any additional information is required. Information: 2. Register in Person You can also register by visiting the surgery during our registration hours. Registration hours: Monday – Wednesday & Friday 2:30 PM – 4:30 PM (Registration is not available on Thursdays.) Please visit the reception desk and complete a GP Registration Form (GMS1). Information: Documents for Registration When registering in person, please bring: Photo Identification Examples include: Passport Driving licence Proof of Address Examples include: Utility bill Council tax bill Water bill Gas or electricity bill Electoral register confirmation If you already have an NHS number, please include it on your registration form. Please note: You do not need proof of address, ID, or immigration status to register with a GP, but providing these documents can help us locate your medical records more quickly. Information: Registering Children Children under 16 years old must be registered by a parent or legal guardian. To register a child, please provide: Completed child registration form Parent or guardian details Child’s previous GP details (if applicable) Child’s NHS number (if known) If available, please also bring: Child’s immunisation history Personal Child Health Record (Red Book) for babies and young children. Registering children early ensures they can receive vaccinations, health checks, and GP services when needed. Registration Children and Young People (0–18 years).pdf Information: Registering a New Baby If you have recently had a baby, please register them with the practice as soon as possible. This allows your child to receive: Routine vaccinations Development checks GP care when required You can register your baby by completing a child registration form at reception. GP registration transfer cards Accessing healthcare can be a challenge for vulnerable migrants in temporary accommodation. Language and communication barriers can also increase access issues. Healthcare access can also be disrupted where people are relocated at short notice. The cards aim to improve continuity of care and avoid duplication by supporting newly arrived individuals to re-register (or register if a first registration) as soon as possible after they move. They are available in more than 30 languages. Information Leaflets Patient Online Records access Patient information leaflet Information for new patients Online Services / Consent Forms Online Access Registration Form Online Access DCRA Consent Form Summary Care Record Patient Consent Form Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages English Urdu Albanian Hindi Arabic Lithuanian Bulgarian Polish Chinese (Cantonese) Portuguese Chinese (Mandarin) Spanish Russian French Turkish Punjabi Gujerati Somali Croatian Bengali Farsi Disabled Patient Facilities Disabled patient facilities are also available at this practice. (Car park space, ramp, toilet etc). Find Us Page last reviewed: 04 March 2026 Page created: 07 May 2020 Further Information Complaints Procedure You and Your General Practice Car Parking Macmillan Coffee Morning Research Study Participation Upney Lane-Building Safety Practice Policies Connect With Us Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map