Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Greyscale High Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Links Underline Readable Font Reset This site uses cookies for analytics and to improve your experience. By clicking Accept, you consent to our use of cookies. Accept Decline Skip to content Mawney Road Surgery 206 Mawney Road | Romford | Essex | RM7 8BU | Tel: 01708 739 379 Home About Us Appointments Clinical Services Help and Support Our News New Patient Registration Mawney Road Surgery welcomes new patients who live within our practice area. Practice area mainly parts of RM7 RM5 and RM1. Please check the tabs on the home screen for a better understanding of the services that we offer. If your application is successful you will require a new patient health check with the practice nurse. It is the patient’s responsibility to make an appointment for the health check. Our surgery is purpose-built to accommodate the special requirements of those patients who have access needs/are disabled. There is wheelchair access to the consulting rooms, treatment room and disabled toilet facilities. If you have a hidden disability which requires special consideration, please inform a member of staff and efforts will be made to ensure this is provided for. Private waiting areas are available if required. Registration To register at this surgery you must do the following: Live within the practice area – ask at reception if you need help Register online using the link below or print out and complete both of the relevant forms as below and submit in person at reception (submissions can only be accepted Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursday and Friday when reception staff have more time to check documents). You can e-mail the completed form to the practice on nelondonicb.f82610@nhs.net. Practice will contact you within three working days to either confirm your registration or ask for more information. Please click one of the buttons below to complete the New Patient Registration, it is quick and easy to register online. New Patient Registration (Online) New Patient Registration (print) Documents Required for Registration with Mawney Road Surgery All patients are asked for NHS number if available British Citizens: Prood of identity: passport/birth certificate/driving licence Proof of address: i.e.current domestic bill council/gas/electric/water/bank account/ tenancy agreement/mortgage/ownership agreement- this needs to be dated within 3 months of applying We do not accept mobile phone bills EU residents: Passport/ID card Date of entry to UK Proof of address i.e.current domestic bill council/gas/electric/water/bank account/ tenancy agreement/mortgage/ownership agreement- this needs to be dated within 3 months of applying We do not accept mobile phone bills Patients from abroad excluding EU members: Passport Valid Visa/Resident permit Date of entry into UK Proof of address i.e.current domestic bill council/gas/electric/water/bank account/ tenancy agreement/mortgage/ownership agreement- this needs to be dated within 3 months of applying We do not accept mobile phone bills Go back.. Health A-Z NHS Guide to conditions, symptoms & treatments Health A-Z Live Well Advice, tips and tools for health & wellbeing Live Well Medicines Guide How medicine works & possible side effects Medicines A-Z Care and Support Options & where to get the best support Services directory Mawney Road Surgery 206 Mawney Road Romford Essex RM7 8BU Get Directions 01708 739 379 nelondonicb.F82610@nhs.net Surgery Hours Monday 08:00 - 18:30 Tuesday 08:00 - 18:30 Wednesday 08:00 - 18:30 Thursday 08:00 - 18:30 Friday 08:00 - 18:30 Saturday Closed Sunday Closed Out of Hours NHS 111 Quick Links Care Quality Commission Contact Us Friends and Family Test Useful Contacts Your Practice Charter Accessibility Statement Disclaimer © 2015-2026 Mawney Road Surgery Web Design by Webicious UK Ltd