Cookies on our website We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d also like to use analytics cookies so we can understand how patients use our website and make improvements. Accept analytics cookiesDecline analytics cookiesFind out more Skip to main content Language Text Size Berwick Surgery Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Services Surgery Information Health Information & Support Contact Us Home > New Patient Registration New Patient Registration Register with your GP surgery online We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with this GP surgery. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Paper forms are still available if you need one. Contact our reception team here: 01708 520830. We are pleased to accept patients from Rainham, Wennington and South Hornchurch. Check if you live within our area View a larger version of the practice boundary map Over the last year the Government has issued new guidelines which enables to register patients outside their Practice Area so please contact reception if you fall outside the practice area. New Patients (UK Registration) Prospective patients living in Rainham, Wennington and South Hornchurch are welcome to register with the practice. Newly registering patients are asked to fill in a medical history form and make an appointment to see their new doctor. They are given a practice booklet containing all the details about the surgery and the services we provide. Your registration details will be entered onto our computerised system by trained operators, which will speed up the appropriate administration processes. When you require an appointment in the future, this will enable the receptionist to action your request quickly and accurately. If you wish to join our Practice please ask a receptionist for a registration form for each person that wishes to register. Please bring your personal identification (eg: Driving licence or passport) and proof of address. Should you have your medical card available please attach it to the form. You may fill in the form straight away but we suggest you take it home to ensure you complete it fully and return with it at a more convenient time. The form will ask you for personal details such as your name, address, date of birth, telephone number, previous address and doctor. This information helps the Health Authority to quickly trace your medical records and send them to your new doctor. Once you have completed and signed the form you will be automatically placed on the list of the doctor of your choice. Shortly after this, the Health Authority will send you a new medical card with your doctor's name on for you to keep. On the back of your registration form you are given an option to go on a central register as a donor, if you wish to do so. If you wish to see the doctor you are welcome to make a future appointment at the time you register. Named Accountable GP information Find your NHS number here You do not need to know your NHS number to use NHS services, but it can be useful to have it New Registrations New registrations will not be seen within 48 hours of original request unless it is a medical emergency. Temporary Registration If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Download the temporary registration form Last Updated 8 Dec 2025 Share Print Facebook Bluesky X (Twitter) LinkedIn Mastodon Site Sign In Sitemap Back To Top About Disclaimer Website Privacy Website Accessibility Cookies Content Attribution Contact Berwick Surgery 17 Berwick Road, Rainham, Essex, RM13 9QU 01708 520830 nelondonicb.berwicksurgery@nhs.net © Neighbourhood Direct Ltd 2026 GP Practice Website by Oldroyd Publishing Group