Cookies on the Highgrove Surgery website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Highgrove Surgery Menu Home Opening Hours Online Services Our Staff News Contact Us Language Home New Patients New Patients Register as New Patient We are always happy to accept new patients who live in our practice area (all addresses in the postcode districts: IG3, IG11, RM8, RM9 & RM10). You can register with our practice by selecting the link below: https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F82680 or you can register by attending the surgery, please bring one of the following documents if you attend the surgery Photo ID (passport, driving license) Utility or council tax bill verifying your address (Water, Gas, Electricity, Council tax, Electoral Register Notification) NHS Medical Card Following your on line registration you will be sent an on line questionare to complete and return for each family member. You maybe booked into the nurse for a new patient medical. Please complete the following forms below and return to the surgery: Data sharing Consent Form Data sharing Consent Information On line Access Registration Form On line Access Patient Information Leaflet Registration Pack GP Registration Form Data Sharing Consent Form Data Sharing Consent Information Highgrove Surgery New Patient Questionnaire Online Access Registration Form Online Access Patient Information Leaflet Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: English Farsi Urdu Albanian Bengali Hindi Arabic Croatian Lithuanian Bulgarian Punjabi Polish Chinese (Cantonese) Somali Portuguese Chinese (Mandarin) Gujerati Spanish Russian Turkish French Disabled Patient Facilities Disabled patient facilities are also available at this practice. (Car park space, ramp, toilet etc). Find Us Page last reviewed: 18 November 2020 Page created: 18 November 2020 Further Information You and Your General Practice Register for Online Services Downloads Carers Advice Vacancies GP Earnings Practice Policies Your Local NHS Quality & Outcomes Framework Patient Information Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map