Skip to content Search this website Search Online Services Our PCN Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients Contents Full Patient Registration Practice Area Temporary Patient Registration Out of Area Registration Online registration Our practice list is open and we are accepting new patients that live within our practice area. To download the registration form, click here. Full Patient Registration To register as an individual or for everyone in your household you will need to visit the surgery to complete a registration form and also show us one of the following: Two forms of identification one of which should include your Name, Date of Birth & Address. e.g. Passport or Driving Licence. An existing Health Card (with NHS number) Patients who have come from overseas must bring their passport All new patients will also need to complete a new patient health questionnaire giving details of your important past medical history, medication you are on, allergies etc. Practice Area Catchment Area Temporary Patient Registration As well as permanent registrations, we can also register people if they are staying in the practice area on a temporary basis – either up to 15 days or over 15 days and up to 3 months. You will need to provide the name and full address of your own docor and surgery. Out of Area Registration At present this practice does not accept out of area registration New arrangements introduced in January 2015 give people a greater choice when choosing a GP practice. Patients may approach any GP practice, even if they live outside the practice area, to see if they will be accepted onto the patient list. The new arrangements mean GP practices now have the option to register patients who live outside the practice area but without any obligation to provide home visits. If your application is considered, we will only register you without home visits if it is clinically appropriate and practical in your individual case. To do this, we may: Ask you or your existing practice questions about why it is practical for you to attend Oundle Medical Centre (for example, how many days during the week you would normally be able to attend). Ask questions about your health to help decide whether to register you in this way. Online registration You are also able to register online. Please click the link below. Register for this GP Online This new arrangement only applies to GP practices and patients who live in England. For further information visit the NHS Choices website. About Our Surgery Meet the Team Clinics and Services Friends & Family Test New Patients Patient Participation Group (PPG) Change in your personal details Our Primary Care Network (PCN) Practice Information Practice Leaflet Green Lane Surgery 872 Green Lane, Dagenham, Essex, RM8 1BX Get Directions 02085997151 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Dr Teotia and partners CQC overall rating Good 12 August 2026 See the report Recent CQC Reviews and Reports English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Green Lane Surgery 2026 English▼