Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Register with the practice as a new patient How to Register Check you live within the borough of Islington and within the boundary area To access our registration process, first check you are in our catchment area. If you have any questions about your eligibilty join this surgery please contact us. We encourage online registrations but a paper registration form can also be obtained from the reception team. If you move, but remain in our practice area we can continue to be your GP, please let reception know of your new contact details. Processing Time For in area registrations processing of new patients can take up to 7 working days For out of area registration processing can take up to 14 working days Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Out of area Registration We will happily consider new patient registrations for those living outside of our practice area (but still within the borough of Islington) and understand that this can be more convenient for certain patients. However as most referral pathways and services are postcode based, this may impact upon our ability to provide the best care. Such registrations will be individually reviewed by the partnership team to determine whether we can safely meet the individual's care needs. We cannot provide home visits for patients who live outside of our practice boundary area. Please contact us to discuss the posibilities of registering with us. If you live outside of the practice area and wish to be registered with us (e.g. because you work near to the practice), you may request to be registered with us. The partnership team will decide if it is clinically safe and advisable for you to be registered out of area or not. All are welcome! Your nationality or immigration status do not affect your right to register here. We are a Safe Surgery for everyone in our practice area. Everyone living in England has the right to free care from a GP. Ask reception for an interpreter if you find it difficult to communicate in English. Our Care Navigators won’t ask you about your immigration status. If you are worried about giving us your address, please let us know. Your information is safe with us Don’t have documents? Don’t worry... We are a Safe Surgery for everyone in our practice area.We might ask for ID or proof of address. But if you don’t have any and you live in our practice area, you can still register with us. We won’t ask for immigration documents. Your Named GP River Place Group Practice provide all patients with a named "usual GP" who will have overall responsibility for the care and support that our surgery provides to them. We encourage patients to try and see their usual GP where possible, particularly for ongoing problems. We need to divide our patients evenly between all of our doctors, so they can manage their workload. Therefore the "registering GP" rotates from week to week based on each GP's list size. We try to keep families under the same usual GP where possible, so new babies will be registered with their mother's usual GP. Your usual GP will look after your repeat prescriptions, medication reviews and will be forwarded any correspondence received from other services (including hospital clinic letters). If you wish to be told the name of your usual GP, please ask the Care Navigator Team when you are next in the surgery. If you have any questions, or wish to discuss this further with us, please contact the practice manager Dawn Gaine. Did you find what you were looking for? Tell us about your experience by leaving feedback. Rate This Page Providing NHS Services CONTACT River Place Group Practice Essex Road London N1 2DE Telephone: 020 7704 2832 THE PRACTICE Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Complaints & Feedback You and Your General Practice QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Our Services Contact Us Online The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO