Skip to content Search this website Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients Register with Mildmay Medical Practice We’re accepting new patients. Quick and easy online registration Friendly, caring healthcare team Register even if you live outside our catchment area Need Help Registering? You can: ➡ Register online now 🏥 Visit the practice and complete a registration form in person We look forward to welcoming you to Mildmay Medical Practice ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “I’m pleased to express my complete satisfaction with the services and care provided by Mildmay Medical Practice. The staff has demonstrated professionalism and empathy during each visit, creating a welcoming atmosphere.” Register Online Check Practice Boundary Patients who live outside our catchment area can register with us, but cannot receive home visits from the practice. ID and NHS Number To help us process your registration, it’s useful if you can provide: Your NHS number Photo ID (such as a passport or driving licence) Proof of address Don’t worry if you don’t have these. You can still register with the practice even if you do not have ID, proof of address, or your NHS number. Information about our services to Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style have been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: Albanian Arabic Bulgarian Bengali Cantonese Farsi Croatian Gujerati french Lithuanian hindi Mandarin Polish Portuguese Punjabi Russian Somali Spanish Turkish urdu Mildmay Medical Practice 2A Green Lanes London N16 9NF Get Directions 020 7923 1999 admin.mildmay@nhs.net Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Mildmay Medical Practice CQC overall rating Good 5 February 2024 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Mildmay Medical Practice 2026