Manage Cookie Consent To make our website work efficiently and to provide our website visitors with a good experience when using the website, we use cookies. Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Consenting to cookies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs. We only share this data with organisations that provide services to the NHS. Not consenting or withdrawing consent to cookies may adversely affect certain features and functions of our website. Please also see the practice’s privacy policy as this may differ to the GPsurgery.net network privacy policy. Accept Deny View preferences Cookie Information Privacy Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu Powered by Translate Contact us online if you need help with a non-urgent medical or administration request. Primrose Hill Surgery Call: 020 7722 0038 Out of hours: 030 0033 9978 Email (including prescriptions): primrosehillsurgery@nhs.net Contact us online Skip to content Home Appointments Services Team Patient Info Care & Support About Patient Group Contact us Search for: Home Patient Information How to register We have an open list and welcome requests for registration from patients living in or moving to the practice area. You can register by: completing the forms online Complete the online NHS registration form here or downloading and printing the forms PRF1 patient registration form and Patient Health Questionnaire (Adults) or Patient Health Questionnaire (Child) You will need to complete these by hand and bring to the surgery. If you are unable to print and complete the forms in advance, you are welcome to collect them from the Practice. Please return the completed forms in person to the surgery between 2.30pm & 5.00pm, bringing one proof of residency within the practice area and one photo ID. The following ID must be supplied before registration can be accepted: One proof of residency within the practice area (e.g. rent book or utility bill. Bill must be dated within the last three months. Mobile phone bills not accepted) Current medical card or substitute GMS1 form, available from reception. National health service number Completed practice questionnaire, available from reception Photo identity. It is the policy of this surgery to ask the above of every person wishing to register. Before registering with our surgery, please can you make sure you have enough medication to last you 28 days as it can take up to 6 weeks to get your digital medical record transferred to our surgery. You will have a named, accountable doctor who is responsible for coordinating your care. You can still talk to or make appointments to see any of our doctors or nurses, not just your named GP. We recommend that new patients undertake a health check with a practice nurse. Temporary patients If you are not registered with a GP you will be unable to see one unless you have a serious emergency. In most other cases, calling 111 is a better option. If you are not registered with a GP but need treatment at a GP Surgery you will need to complete a temporary registration form. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. Click here for further information on the NHS website If you are requesting a Temporary registration,please get in touch with the practice at primosehillsurgery@nhs.net with an explanation for your request. If you have a medical emergency,you should attend AE,as it takes time to be registered. Your request will be assessed on a case-to-case basis. Non-English speakers For information in all languages regarding NHS services, please go to the NHS website. Date published: 10 October 2014 Date last updated: 21 November 2024 Helpful links News NHS North Central London CCG CHP – Camden health partners You and your general practice Further Info Accessibility Website cookies Privacy Primrose Hill Surgery CQC overall rating Good 15 May 2024 See the report GPsurgery.net © 2026 Manage consent