Skip to content Search this website Search Online Services Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact HomeSurgery InformationNew Patients New Patients Contents Practice Boundary Register as New Patient Temporary Patient Registrations Non-English Speakers Disabled Patient Facilities Practice Boundary We welcome all new patients who live within our catchment area; please enter your postcode below to find out whether you live within our catchment area and eligible for registration. Catchment Area Register as New Patient We believe that good primary medical care depends on the doctors knowing the whole family. We would therefore, where possible prefer to register all members of a household at the time of initial registration. In order to get registered with our practice you will need to: Provide us with your NHS Number Provide proof of ID and Address Attend a New Patient Health Check Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: English Farsi Urdu Albanian Bengali Hindi Arabic Croatian Lithuanian Bulgarian Punjabi Polish Chinese (Cantonese) Somali Portuguese Chinese (Mandarin) Gujerati Spanish Russian Turkish French Disabled Patient Facilities Our premises are accessible for wheelchairs and all our consultation rooms are at ground level. We have induction loop equipment available at the practice for patients with hearing aids if required. Surgery Information Request Proxy Access Subject Access Requests Abut Our PCN Update Your Clinical Record Update Your Personal Details Are You a Carer? Feedback Form Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Patient Participation Group New Patients Training Practice Please note: All calls are recorded for training and monitoring purposes. English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Andover Medical Centre 2026