Cookies on the The Pine Street Medical Practice website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies The Pine Street Medical Practice CQC Rating: Good Menu Finsbury Health Centre EC1R 0JH 020 7713 5256 psmp@nhs.net Home About Us Online Services Our Staff Language Home Join the Practice Join the Practice Register as a New Patient Patients wishing to register at the practice must adhere to the following: Patients can register at the practice if they have moved into the area (see map below) or are at a location where the practice feels it can provide care. If patients live in the area and are already registered with a practice, they can be accepted if their address is nearer this practice rather than the one that they are registered with. If their address is nearer to the practice that they are registered with, then we suggest that the patient remains with their own doctor. The practice can accept patients whose families are registered with us. New patients will be asked to produce proof of identity and address before registering with us. Please attend the practice with both these documents and request a registration form at the reception desk. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. Please contact reception for further information. HOW TO REGISTER YOURSELF AT PINE STREET MEDICAL PRACTICE In Person Registration: To register in person, please attend the practice's reception desk after 10am during our opening hours, with a form of photo ID and a form of proof of address (utility bill, council tax bill, HMRC notification, p60 etc). The receptionist will provide you with a PRF1 registration form to complete. Once you have completed the PRF1 form, please hand it back to reception and provide them with your photo ID and proof of address, as they will need to mark a section on the form. You should be registered on the system within 5 working days (but usually sooner). Online Registration: Please note that you will still need to provide proof of ID and address for online registrations, we are unable to progress with your registration until we have seen your identity documents. When we receive the email copies of your identity documents, we reserve the right to request that you bring in the originals, should we have any problems with accessing the files or should the files look unusual or unclear. To register online, please complete the online application form in the link below. Once you have completed this registration form, please submit your identity documents to the practice, by emailing in photo ID and proof of address (utility bill, council tax bill, HMRC notification, p60 etc), to our practice email address: psmp@nhs.net You can also bring the physical documents into the practice if preferred. Link to online registration form: https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F83678 Please note if we do not receive your identity documents within 28 days of receiving your registration form, the registration form will be destroyed for safer data protection and you will need to complete another registration form. *Please note that if you are a re-registration patient or an out-of-area patient, the acceptance of your application to register with the practice will be subject to the practice's discretion. Practice Area Boundary Road Names Gray’s Inn Road from Holborn to Kings Cross. York Way up to where the railway crosses the road above Carnousite Drive. Offord Road to Liverpool Road and Laycock Street to Highbury Corner. St Paul’s Road and The Balls Pond Road to Southgate Road, continuing into New North Road, East Street to the Old Street roundabout, and down to Moorgate. Along the London Wall and continuing through St Martin Le Grand, Angel Street and Newgate Street, Along Holborn Viaduct back to Holborn. Temporary Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: Albanian Arabic Bengali English Bulgarian Cantonese Croatian French Farsi Gujarati Hindi Lithuanian Mandarin Portuguese Polish Punjabi Somali Russian Turkish Spanish Urdu Page last reviewed: 14 May 2025 Page created: 02 October 2023 Further Information You and Your General Practice GP Earnings Carers Support Pregnancy Care Planner My Planned Care Useful Contacts Practice Policies Patient Participation Group Feedback & Complaints Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map