Skip to content The Medical Centre - Islington 140 Holloway Road, London, N7 8DD | Tel: 020 7607 8259 Search this website Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryRegister with The Medical Centre Register with The Medical Centre We’re accepting new patients. Quick and easy online registration Friendly, caring healthcare team Register even if you live outside our catchment area ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “Great end-to-end experience from the staff who do their best to help to the genuinely caring doctor. Very pleased with the treatment our 3-year-old received.” Need Help Registering? You can: ➡ Register online now 🏥 Visit the practice and complete a registration form in person We look forward to welcoming Register Online Check Practice Boundary Patients who live outside our catchment area can register with us, but cannot receive home visits from the practice. ID and NHS Number To help us process your registration, it’s useful if you can provide: Your NHS number (if you know it) Photo ID (such as a passport or driving licence) Proof of address Don’t worry if you don’t have these. You can still register with the practice even if you do not have ID, proof of address, or your NHS number. Need help registering? If you cannot complete the online form, or you are unsure what to do, our team can help. Call 020 7607 8259 or visit reception during opening hours. FAQs Do I need ID to register? No. You do not need ID to register with a GP practice. Do I need proof of address? Do I need an NHS number? Do I need proof of immigration status? How long does registration take? Can I register if I am already registered with another GP? Register Online The Medical Centre - Islington The Medical Centre, 140 Holloway Road, London, N7 8DD Get Directions 020 7607 8259 edo.rec@nhs.net Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 7:00 pm The Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 17 January 2019 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Medical Centre – Islington 2026