Skip to content Sobell Medical Centre 272 Holloway Road, London, N7 6NE | Tel: 020 7609 3050 Search this website Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration We’re accepting new patients. Quick and easy online registration Friendly, caring healthcare team Register even if you live outside our catchment area ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “Moved from another practice and I can’t be more happy. Absolutely excellent staff from doctors to receptionists. They are kind, approachable and very understanding.” Need Help Registering? You can: ➡ Register online now 🏥 Visit the practice and complete a registration form in person We look forward to welcoming Register Online Check Practice Boundary Patients who live outside our catchment area can register with us, but cannot receive home visits from the practice. ID and NHS Number To help us process your registration, it’s useful if you can provide: Your NHS number (if you know it) Photo ID (such as a passport or driving licence) Proof of address Don’t worry if you don’t have these. You can still register with the practice even if you do not have ID, proof of address, or your NHS number. Need help registering? If you cannot complete the online form, or you are unsure what to do, our team can help. Call 020 7609 3050 or visit reception during opening hours. Information for Non-English speakers FAQs Do I need ID to register? No. You do not need ID to register with a GP practice. Do I need proof of address? Do I need an NHS number? Do I need proof of immigration status? How long does registration take? Can I register if I am already registered with another GP? Register Online Sobell Medical Centre 272 Holloway Road, London, N7 6NE Get Directions 020 7609 3050 sobellmedcentre.admin@nhs.net Mo,Tu,We,Th 8:00 am to 7:00 pm; Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Sobell Medical Centre The provider of this service changed Rating from inspection with previous provider Requires improvement 8 December 2022 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Sobell Medical Centre 2026