Skip to main content Cookies on the Strouts Place Medical Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Strouts Place Medical Centre Menu 3 Strouts Place E2 7QU 0208 187 2000 stroutsplace@nhs.net Home Opening Hours Our Team Online Services News Contact Us Home New Patients New Patients Practice Area Register as a New Patient We welcome any new patient who live within our practice area: Please see boundary map above The best way to register is online at https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F84051 Your registration may take up to one week to process. If you are unable to complete the form online, please visit the Practice in person and complete a registration form. The practice does not discriminate on the grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation or appearance, disability or medical condition. All are welcome, your nationality or immigration status do not affect your right to register with us. Please see below for more information on our pledge to being a safe surgery. We are a Safe Surgery We are a Safe Surgery for everyone in our practice area. Everyone living in England has the right to free care from a GP. Ask reception for an interpreter if you find it difficult to communicate in English. Our receptionists won’t ask you about your immigration status. If you are worried about giving us your address, please let us know. Your information is safe with us. No Documentation? We are a Safe Surgery for everyone in our practice area. We might ask for ID or proof of address. But if you don’t have any and you live in our practice area, you can still register with us. We will not ask you for any immigration documents. Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: English Farsi Urdu Albanian Bengali Hindi Arabic Croatian Lithuanian Bulgarian Punjabi Polish Chinese (Cantonese) Somali Portuguese Chinese (Mandarin) Gujerati Spanish Russian Turkish French Disabled Patient Facilities ur surgery is accessible to patients using a wheelchair. We also have parking spaces outside the surgery which are reserved for patients displaying a Blue Badge. Find Us Please click here to get directions. Page last reviewed: 05 August 2026 Page created: 19 November 2019 Further Information You and Your General Practice GP Earnings Carers Advice Friends & Family Test Results Practice Policies Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map