Skip to content De Beauvoir Surgery 30 Hertford Road, London, N1 5QT | Tel: 020 7923 3684 Search this website Search Online Services Accessibility Home Appointments Prescriptions Services Surgery Information Health Information & Support HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration Contents Registering at our surgery Guide to GP Services De Beauvoir Surgery welcomes all patients who live within our catchment area. Please note that we don’t require any personal documents or identification in order to register. However, we encourage patients to present their ID and/or proof of address when registering as this will help us protect you from the risk of identity theft as well as ensure the integrity of your medical records. We are open Monday to Friday from 8:30 am to 6:00 pm excluding Bank Holidays. Medical treatment is available 24 – 48 hours from the date of registration; please contact reception for further information. Catchment Area Registering at our surgery To register as a new patient, please come to the Surgery to complete a registration form along with a medical questionnaire, or register online below. You can register with De Beauvoir Surgery using the online portal contained in this link. You may print off a registration form, fill it out and bring it in with you on your first visit to the practice. Registration Form [PDF] Please also print off and complete the following questionnaire Patient Questionnaire Form Guide to GP Services The Royal College of General Practitioners has produced a useful guide for patients about the services on offer at GP Surgeries and how to access them. You can download the guide below. A Patient Guide to GP Services About Our Surgery Update you Contact Details Practice News Patient Participation Group (PPG) Send us your comments or suggestions Primary Care Network Patient Guide to Services Data Choices New Patient Registration Temporary (Immediate Necessary) Registration Non-English Speakers Friends & Family Test Meet the Team 30 Hertford Road, London, N1 5QT Get Directions nelondonicb.debeauvoir@nhs.net Mo,Tu 8:00 am to 8:00 pm; We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm The evening HUB surgery from 18.30 -20.00 is for pre-booked appointments only and the GP's will not see patients for emergency appointments as the surgery is closed for normal daily activity. De Beauvoir Surgery CQC overall rating Good 18 March 2026 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, De Beauvoir Surgery 2026