Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings The Mission Practice Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration We welcome any new patient who lives within our practice area: anywhere within E2, (except E2 8** as this is classed as Hackney, not Tower Hamlets). Where possible please do provide proof of ID and address. We can register you without it but to avoid errors it is useful for us to see this. If you have any questions about your eligibility to join The Mission Practice, please contact us. How to register Please enter your postcode into the boundary map below to access our registration process. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap In E2, but away from home? If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can call 111. See further information on Temporary Registration Your named GP All our patients will get a named GP allocated to them, who is responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. Feel free to ask any staff member which GP has been allocated to you. Providing NHS Services CONTACT The Mission Practice 208 Cambridge Heath Road London E2 9LS Telephone: 0208 983 7300 THE PRACTICE Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Complaints & Feedback QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Personal Details Our Services The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO