Ruston Street Clinic Clinics & Services Practice info Self-help Online Services News Tel: 020 8980 1652 | Map Register Now Ruston Street Clinic Clinics & Services Practice info Self-help Online Services News New patient registration Local residents can fill in this form to register at the practice Our Practice is piloting online registration and this is open to all residents within Tower Hamlets. If you live within our practice area (parts of E3) you are welcome to register with us. You will be asked to enter your post code and a list of practices will appear. Only a few practices are currently accepting patients this way but soon all 36 practices in Tower Hamlets will be available. If “Ruston Street Clinic” is not on the list then you are not in our catchment area and will need to choose another practice. You will be asked your personal details, past medical history and other information to help us trace your existing records. Please provide as much information as possible; missing information may lead to your registration being rejected. The whole process should take no more than 10 minutes and once complete, you will be contacted by the practice to confirm registration in 2 working days. Please note, you DO NOT have to show any ID or proof of address to register. To register, click on the link: https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F84030 Am I registering with the right practice? Please note that you must live within the practice boundary to be able to register with us. If you’re unsure, please view our Location Map. Find a GP www.nhs.uk/service-search/find-a-gp. Frequently Asked Questions What if I can’t use the website or don’t have access to the internet? Please come in to reception and either you can use our tablet to provide us with the information or we can provide paper copies. How long until I can be seen after completing the registration? We will complete your registration within 48 working hours and contact you to confirm. Once you have received the confirmation you can access our services – contact the practice for details. Is it secure? Yes, we have worked hard to ensure that the new website meets all data protection requirements and that information is not shared with any third parties. Do I need to provide photo ID or Proof of Address? We will ask you for it and you will be able to attach it to your form but it is not compulsory. We do this so that we can double check the information you give us. What if Ruston Street Clinic isn’t coming up as an option? This means you are outside of our catchment area and so we will not register you. You will need to contact another practice directly to register with them. Can I get online access to book appointments etc at the same time? No, before we can give you online access we need to check your identity for your protection. Simply bring in proof of ID to reception and they will provide you with the log in details. How do I find my NHS number? https://www.nhs.uk/nhs-services/online-services/find-nhs-number/ What happens to the information I provide in this form? To find out about how we handle your data, please read our Privacy Policy. Assignment of an Accountable GP The practice has a requirement to assign an ‘Accountable GP’ to all patients on the practice list. All patients will be assigned to a GP in the practice and this will be recorded on their medical record as their ‘Usual GP’. Patients will be advised of who their assigned Accountable Usual GP is when they join the practice. All currently registered patients are to be advised of their assigned Accountable/Usual GP in such a manner as is considered appropriate by the practice. In circumstances where a patient’s assigned Accountable/Usual GP is not able to carry out the duties of accountable GP for any significant period of time (other than normal periods of leave) then the practice will be required to assign patients to a replacement Accountable/Usual GP and to give patients notice of the assignment accordingly. Should a patient express a preference as to which general medical practitioner within the practice they would prefer to have as their assigned Accountable/Usual GP then the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate the request. Requests to change an assigned Accountable/Usual GP should be made in writing to the Practice Manager. Important and useful links COVID-19 – Important Information New patient registration Consult your GP online Prescriptions Test Results Introducing the NHS app Appointments Antenatal appointments Self Care & Health Advice Patient leaflets Prescribing Research and QI Electronic Prescription Service (EPS) Flu Clinics Mental health ADHD and Autism Antenatal appointments Young people Ruston Street Clinic Ruston Street London E3 2LR Show map Tel: 020 8980 1652 Fax: 020 8981 3397 COVID-19 – Important Information Privacy Confidentiality GP Earnings Accessibility Ruston Street Clinic CQC overall rating Good 4 August 2016 See the report 2020 - CQC Annual regulatory review © 2023 Ruston Street Clinic. All rights reserved.