Skip to content Tollgate Medical Centre Beckton, London, E6 5JS | Tel: 020 7473 9399 Search this website Search Accessibility Online Services Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact English HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration Contents Safer Surgeries How to register with us… What we will need Disabled Patient Facilities Practice Area Outside of Area Registration Temporary Patient Registrations Non-English Speakers Safer Surgeries All are welcome, Your nationality or immigration status do not affect your right to register here. View more information How to register with us… Please click on the link below to begin your registration on the NHS website. When you enter your postcode, you will be presented with a list of local GP surgeries. Tollgate Medical Centre should only appear if your postcode is within our practice boundary. Online Registration – NHS Once you have submitted the form please provide proof of address and photo ID via email, you can send your documents to information.tollgate@nhs.net. What we will need It is not a requirement for adults to provide documentation but it is helpful for the registration process and beyond, so if you have it please do send it via email. For children we require a full birth certificate with the Parent(s) name(s) included and for any children aged 7 years or younger a copy of their Immunisation records (red book if given in the UK). Acceptable Forms of Identification Identification for Children All new patients aged 40 and over are offered a health check with a member of the healthcare team to ensure that any required tests are up to date and that we have an accurate note of any repeat medication you may be taking. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. If you would like to consult with a GP or Nurse please follow the link below and complete an online form: GP/ Nurse Online Form If you are unable to do this please contact the surgery and speak to our reception for advice. Disabled Patient Facilities Disabled patient facilities are also available at this practice. (Car park space, ramp, toilet etc). Practice Area If you live within our Practice area you can register at any time when we are open. We care for the residents of Beckton and Custom House who live south of the A13 (Newham Way) and east of Prince Regent Lane. You will need to supply your NHS number (this is essential) and two forms of identification one of which must be photo ID and the other must show your name and address. Equally, you can see if you live within our practice boundary below before visiting the NHS website: Catchment Area Click on the link below for a list of the roads in our Practice area: Roads in Our Area Outside of Area Registration Registering with our Practice if You Live Outside Our Catchment Area Tollgate Medical Centre may accept registrations from patients who live outside our normal practice boundary but within Newham. This is known as Out of Area Registration. Patients registered under this arrangement can access routine GP services at the practice in the same way as other registered patients. However, there are some important limitations: We may not be able to provide home visits for patients living outside our practice area. If you require a home visit, you may be advised to contact NHS 111 or an alternative local service. Registration requests are considered on an individual basis and are subject to clinical and practical assessment. We reserve the right to decline or discontinue an out of area registration if it is not safe or practical to provide care. Before registering, we recommend that you consider how you will travel to the practice for appointments and whether our location remains convenient for your healthcare needs. If you would like to apply for an Out of Area Registration, please complete the normal registration forms and the out of area registration agreement that can be found below and return them to information.tollgate@nhs.net Please contact our reception team if you are unsure if we accept your postcode, the map above will only show postcodes we accept within our boundary. Out of Area Registration Practice Agreement Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: About Our Surgery Practice Newsletters Friends & Family Test Docklands PCN Interpreting Service & British Sign Language at Tollgate Medical Centre When the Prime Minister Visited Sedation for Radiological Imaging and Fear of Flying Safer Surgeries Veterans Zero Tolerance Pride in Practice General Enquiries Practice Environmental Sustainability Online Consultation Patient Record New Patient Registration Meet the Team Gardening Group Patient Participation Group Tollgate Medical Centre 220 Tollgate Road, Beckton, London, E6 5JS Get Directions 020 7473 9399 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 7:00 am to 6:30 pm Please note that our telephone lines open at 8:00 am, Monday to Friday. Tollgate Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 3 April 2025 See the report Practice Privacy Notice English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Tollgate Medical Centre 2026