Skip to content London Fields Medical Centre About Us Appointments Prescriptions Wellbeing News Contact Us Register with the surgery Welcome to London Fields Medical Centre – Your Health is our Priority. We are pleased to welcome all patients living within our catchment area. At London Fields Medical Centre, your health and well-being are our top priorities. Our experienced and compassionate team provides personalised, high-quality care tailored to your individual needs. To help us deliver the best possible service, we kindly ask that you complete our online patient registration form. All information provided will be kept strictly confidential and used solely to support your healthcare We look forward to supporting you on your health journey. How to register Online Registration We have introduced an easy process to register without having to visit the practice. To register with our practice please click on the link below: ONLINE REGISTRATION FORM In-Person You are also welcome to register in person by visiting the practice. While we may ask for proof of identification and/or address to help ensure your details are recorded accurately, please note that we will register you even if you are unable to provide these documents. If you have any questions or need further assistance with the registration process, please don’t hesitate to contact the practice. Our opening hours are Monday to Friday, 8:00 AM – 6:30 PM, excluding Bank Holidays. Accepting and removing patient from our list We will normally accept any patient living within our practice boundary. Please refer to the map. If you move out of the area, we will ask you to re-register with a doctor local to your new address. Patient Catchment Area Interpretation and Translation Services Interpreters play a vital role in supporting clear communication between patients, carers, and healthcare professionals when there is a language barrier. Effective communication is essential for ensuring accurate diagnoses, successful treatments, and a positive healthcare experience. Difficulties in understanding can impact health outcomes and lead to missed appointments or less effective consultations. At London Fields Medical Centre, we have access to professional interpreting services in a wide range of languages. If English is not your first language, please inform our reception team, and we will arrange for an interpreter to be present during your appointment to ensure you receive the best possible care. Download the NHS App The NHS App provides convenient access to a wide range of NHS services, all from the comfort of your device. You can download the NHS App on your smartphone or tablet, or access the same services via a web browser by visiting the official NHS website: logging in through the NHS website. Stay in control of your health — anytime, anywhere. General Information Email: nelondonicb.londonfieldsmedical1@nhs.net Telephone: 020 7923 8100 Our Address 38-44 Broadway Market London E8 4QJ Opening Times 8.00am - 6.30pm Weekends - Closed Policies Accessibility Statement Cookie Policy Privacy Policy