Skip to main content Cookies on the Stamford Hill Group Practice| 020 8800 1000 | stamfordhill.admin@nhs.net website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Stamford Hill Group Practice| 020 8800 1000 | stamfordhill.admin@nhs.net CQC Rating: Good Home Services Health Information Campaigns About Us Online Services Our Staff Practice Closure Closure Notice The practice will be closed from 2.30pm-6.30pm for Staff Training on Monday 21st September 💊 Medication ReminderMake sure you have enough medication before this time. Find out more Dismiss Home Join the Practice Join the Practice Register Online here: https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F84013 You will need to complete a practice new patient questionnaire as well as our registration form. These are available at reception or alternatively you can complete the forms online by clicking on the links below. We will ask you for proof of identity please select the link to refer to our 'registration policy'. Once you have been accepted as a patient, your medical records will be transferred to the practice and you will be sent a new medical card. Your medical records may take several weeks to arrive at the practice. If you are on regular medication, please make a 20 minute appointment once you have signed up. This will allow our doctors to stay on top of your health care needs. We advise all our new patients to make a routine health check with our practice nurse within the first three months of joining our practice. The practice has a non-discrimination policy for accepting new patients. There are a number of reasons why you may not be able to register with your chosen GP. For example, you may live too far away. If this is the case, simply choose another GP in your local area. If English is not your first language, the practice has access to interpreters. Please inform reception staff and this assistance can be provided. Practice Boundary Check Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Temporary Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: Albanian Arabic Bengali English Bulgarian Cantonese Croatian French Farsi Gujarati Hindi Lithuanian Mandarin Portuguese Polish Punjabi Somali Russian Turkish Spanish Urdu Page last reviewed: 13 March 2024 Page created: 13 March 2024 Further Information Practice Policies GP Earnings Patient Participation Group Feedback & Complaints Privacy Policy Aims and Objectives Healthwatch You and Your General Practice Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map