Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings The Albion Health Centre Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Local residents can fill in our online form to register at the practice How to Register Check you live within the boundary area Complete a New Patient Registration Form Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP The surgery provides all patients with a named GP who will have overall responsibility for the care and support that our surgery provides to them. We need to divide our patients evenly between all of our doctors, so they can manage their workload. Therefore to do this fairly and impartially, we have selected patients by surname to match to a doctor. We know that some patients will wish their named GP to be a particular doctor. Where a patient expresses a preference as to which doctor they have been assigned, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate this request, but we would like to reassure patients that this system does not prevent you from seeing any GP in the practice as you currently do. Your named GP will not be available at all times. You do not need to take any further action and will be informed of your named GP in due course. In the meantime, if you wish to be told the name of your accountable GP, please ask the receptionists when you are next in the surgery. We Are A Safe Surgery We are proud to be a safe surgery for everyone in our community. We promise to make sure everyone in our community receives quality healthcare. Working with Doctors of the World UK, our practice welcomes everyone. Patients can join our practice: even if they do not have ID even if they do not have proof of address regardless of immigration status. We will support other Safe Surgeries and help develop the Safe Surgeries community. Don’t have documents? Don’t worry. We are a Safe Surgery for everyone in our practice area. We might ask for ID or proof of address. But if You don’t have any and you live in our practice area, You can still register with us. We won’t ask for immigration documents. All are welcome! Your nationality or immigration status do not affect your right to register here We are a Safe Surgery for everyone in our practice area. Everyone living in England has the right to free care from a GP. Ask reception for an interpreter if you find it difficult to communicate in English. Our receptionists won’t ask you about your immigration status. If you are worried about giving us your address, please let us know. Your information is safe with us. To join our practice, speak to a member of staff who can help you register. Learn more at Doctors of the World UK. Providing NHS Services CONTACT The Albion Health Centre 333 Whitechapel Road London E1 1BU Telephone: 020 7456 9820 THE PRACTICE Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Privacy Notice The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Requires improvement © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO