Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Queensbridge Group Practice About Us Appointments New Patients Prescriptions News & Events Contact Us Translate Facebook TikTok Instagram HOME PATIENT REGISTRATION Register with Queensbridge Group Practice We're always happy to welcome new patients to Queensbridge Group Practice. Registering is quick and simple. Just complete our online registration form and submit it to us. Once your registration has been processed, we'll send you a confirmation message. Care when you need it When you register with us, you'll have access to our range of GP and healthcare services, including same-day access to our services, where appropriate. Our team is here to support you with your health and wellbeing, from everyday health concerns to ongoing care and advice. Ready to join us? Register today and become a part of Queensbridge Group Practice. New Patient Registration Out of Area Scheme for Existing Patients If you are finding it difficult to register via our website please do not worry, just give us a call or pop into the practice and one of our lovely staff members will be happy to assist you. Who Can Register? If you live within our practice area you are welcome to register with us and our reception staff will be happy to guide you through the procedure. Eligibility can be quickly confirmed from a photo identification document (eg passport, driving licence) and your address (eg a recent utility bill, bank statement). If you cannot provide either of these please speak to reception. Enter your postcode to check you live within our boundary Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap You will need to complete our online registration form (over 16) or online registration form (under 16) which will provide useful information whilst we wait for your medical records to arrive from your previous doctor. All new patients are offered a health check with a member of the healthcare team to ensure that any required tests are up to date and that we have an accurate note of any repeat medication you may be taking. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. Please contact reception for further information. The NHS App Queensbridge Group Practice would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. Contact details and consent Change of Contact Details Communication Consent SAFE SURGERIES We are proud to be a ‘Safe Surgery’ for everyone in our community. Everyone in the UK has the right to free care from a GP. If you don’t have proof of ID or address, you can still register. Immigration status or nationality don’t matter - reception won’t ask for immigration documents and won’t share your information with the Home Office unless serious crime is involved. Providing NHS Services CONTACT Queensbridge Group Practice 24 Holly Street Hackney London E8 3XP Telephone: 020 7254 1101 Facebook TikTok Instagram THE PRACTICE Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Make a Complaint QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Our Services The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO