Skip to main content Cookies on the Latimer Health Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Latimer Health Centre Menu Opening Hours Online Services Our Staff Practice News Contact Us Language Home New Patients New Patients Register as a New Patient Patients wishing to register at Latimer Health Centre will be asked to complete a registration form by using this link https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F84719. New patients will be asked to undergo a new patient health check. Patients are encouraged to downloaded the NHS APP, contact the practice for further information and support. Children under 5 do not require a health check, but parents/guardians should be able to provide us with immunisation details and records if we ask for them. The practice will register patients from the following postcode areas: E9 – E8 – E5 –E3 - N1 – N16 - E10 - E11. We are open for registration to all patients irrespective of age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnic origin, religion or disability. Recently we have extended our practice boundary to cover a wider area of South East Hackney. Online Registration With The Practice Please note: After completing the form below you will still required to contact surgery to finish your registration. Please complete the following steps: Please fill out the https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F84719 form. Once the form has been submitted, please contact the practice during our opening hours with 1 proof of ID and 1 proof address and we will complete the registration process for you and online access. If you wish to speak to a doctor following registration - please let a member of staff know. Note that by sending the form you will be transmitting information about your self across the Internet and although every effort is made to keep this information secure, no guarantee can be offered in this respect. Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: English Farsi Urdu Albanian Bengali Hindi Arabic Croatian Lithuanian Bulgarian Punjabi Polish Chinese (Cantonese) Somali Portuguese Chinese (Mandarin) Gujerati Spanish Russian Turkish French Find Us Page last reviewed: 03 November 2025 Page created: 24 June 2021 Further Information Accessible Information Standard Mission Statement You and Your General Practice GP Earnings GDPR Pregnancy Care Planner Practice Policies Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map