Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration How to register with us as a new patient How to Register Health E1 registers people who are street homeless and we register people who are sofa surfing or in hostel accommodation in the borough of Tower Hamlets. Please note you can register at Health E1 without ID or address. If you do have any form of ID this is helpful in the registration process so we would be grateful to see this if you have it. Register at our GP Practice When you register at Health E1 Medical Centre your first point of contact may be with a Nurse Practitioner. All of our nursing team have undertaken advanced training to look after many of your health needs that previously only a doctor could do. As part of registration with the practice we ask you to attend a new patient health check with our health care assistant. This involves answering some questions and undergoing a simple health check. Am I registering with the right practice? Please note that you must be street homeless to be able to register with us or you must be sofa surfing or living in a hostel/hotel within the practice boundary. If you’re unsure, please view our Practice Boundary. If you are homeless or in a hostel in another area we will be happy to signpost you to other appropriate services in your area. Check you live within the boundary area Armed Forces veteran friendly accredited GP practice PRIDE IN PRACTICE GOLD Providing NHS Services CONTACT Health E1 Homeless Medical Centre 9-11 Brick Lane London E1 6PU Telephone: 020 7247 0090 THE PRACTICE Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO