Cookies on the Somerset Gardens Family Health Care Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Somerset Gardens Family Health Care Centre 4 Creighton RoadN17 8NW020 8275 6410somersetgardens@nhs.net CQC Rating: Good Language Search Search Home eConsult Appointments Prescriptions Opening times Practice News Pharmacy First Minor Illness Self Referral Browse More Home Register with the surgery Register with the surgery Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Using an online form Registering Online is the easiest and quickest way to sign up with Somerset Gardens Family Health Centre. Register as a patient online via NHS.UK or click on the image below or scan the QR code to register online. When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Ensure you have enough medication You should ensure you have at least one month's supply of your medication. It can take around a month to transfer your records from your old GP practice. During this time, you may not be able to renew your prescriptions. Practice Boundary Postcode Search Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Using a paper form You can join the practice by filling in a paper form. You can either: download and print the registration form (PDF) get a paper copy from the surgery When you have completed the form, please send it to the surgery by email or drop it off at reception. It’s helpful if you bring or include a copy of your ID. This could be: passport birth certificate HC2 certificate rough sleepers’ identity badge hostel or accommodation registration or mail forwarding letter See surgery contact details If you are in the area for less than 3 months If you are staying in the area for less than 3 months, you may be able to register as a temporary patient. Contact the surgery to find out if you can register. Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access, please collect a proxy access form from reception from 9am to 5pm. Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Page last reviewed: 04 October 2024 Page created: 04 October 2024 Support links You and Your General Practice Leave us a review Complaints and feedback GP earnings Surgery policies and procedures Privacy policy Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map Connect With Us Sign in 2026 Built by My Surgery Website