Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings 48 Crouch Hall Road, London N8 8HJ | Tel: 020 8340 5952 Facebook Twitter Instagram CQC Rating: Good Translate About Us Appointments Opening Hours Repeat Prescriptions Self Help Zone Practice Noticeboard Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Thank you for finding us and wanting to register with us. We have two types of registration: In area registration Out of area registration Please use the map below to find which type of registration is applicable to you. If you wish to register you will need to complete a registration form. When you have completed all of the details, click on the "Submit Form" button to mail your form to us. We will send you a message once you are registered. New Patient Registration and Questionnaire Change of Contact Details Communication Consent Who Can Register? If you live within our practice area you are welcome to register with us and our reception staff will be happy to guide you through the procedure. Eligibility can be quickly confirmed from a photo identification document (eg passport, driving licence) and your address (eg a recent utility bill, bank statement). If you cannot provide either of these please speak to reception. Enter your postcode to check you live within our boundary Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Out of Area Patients For our Patients who are registered and wish to remain with us but move to a location outside of our practice boundary, please understand that we are happy for you to remain registered with us but please note home visiting will have to be agreed in advance with their Doctor. Home visiting outside of the practice boundary is not within our NHS contract and therefore a discretionary arrangement. The NHS Out of Area GP home visiting service is operated through NHS 111. This is the same arrangement for patients who wish to register with us but already reside outside of our practice boundary. Please be advised in some circumstances the GP will make a decision based on the patients medical needs as some services will not be available for patients to be referred to when living outside of the borough that service serves. Out of Area Request Your Named GP The practice is required by the Government under the terms of the latest GP contract to allocate all patients a named accountable GP. Individual patients will be informed of their named accountable GP at the first appropriate interaction with the practice. For convenience if you have a medical card your accountable GP will be the named doctor you are registered with. If you wish to be told the name of your accountable GP, please ask the receptionists when you are next in the surgery. Please note: there is no need to telephone the practice for this information. Having a named GP does not prevent you seeing any other doctor in the practice. Your named GP will not be available at all times and if your needs are urgent, you may need to discuss them with an alternative doctor. The NHS App Crouch Hall Road Surgery would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Providing NHS Services CONTACT DETAILS Crouch Hall Road Surgery 48 Crouch Hall Road London N8 8HJ Telephone: 020 8340 5952 PRACTICE INFO About Us GP Net Earnings Meet The Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies You and Your General Practice LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint NHS RESOURCES Health A-Z Live Well Mental Health Social Care & Support Pregnancy NHS Services © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter Instagram YES NO