Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings OPENING TIMES ONLINE SERVICES HOW DO I...? NEWS & EVENTS CONTACT US HOME JOIN THE PRACTICE Register with us as a New Patient BACK TO MAIN INDEX If you live within our practice area you are welcome to register with us and our reception staff will be happy to guide you through the procedure. Eligibility can be quickly confirmed from your address so please provide proof by way of a recent utility bill. We also require one form of photographic ID. You will need to complete a registration form (GMS1) and a health questionnaire which will provide useful information whilst we wait for your medical records to arrive from your previous doctor. All new patients are offered a health check with a member of the healthcare team to ensure that any required tests are up to date and that we have an accurate note of any repeat medication you may be taking. If you wish to register online please complete our online form. When you have completed all of the details, click on the "Submit" button to mail your form to us. You can attach you proof of address and photographic ID to the form and sign it online. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. Please contact reception for further information. Note that by sending the form you will be transmitting information about your self across the Internet and although every effort is made to keep this information secure, no guarantee can be offered in this respect. We are proud to be a ‘Safe Surgery’ for everyone in our community. Everyone in the UK has the right to free care from a GP. If you don’t have proof of ID or address, you can still register. Immigration status or nationality don’t matter - reception won’t ask for immigration documents and won’t share your information with the Home Office unless serious crime is involved. Temporary Registration If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Download The Temporary Resident Registration Form via The NHS website CONTACT DETAILS The 157 Medical Practice 157 Stroud Green Road London N4 3PZ Telephone: 020 7272 8823 You and your general practice FEEDBACK Give feedback, see our reviews and read survey reports GIVE US FEEDBACK PRACTICE POLICIES Find out more about our policies and procedures MORE ABOUT OUR POLICIES Terms of Use Disclaimer Accessibility Statement Website Privacy Statement Cookies Site Map © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists 2026 YES NO