Skip to content Cockfosters Medical Centre Heddon Court Avenue, Cockfosters, EN4 9NB | Tel: 020 8441 7008 Search this website Search Online Services Home Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients Contents How to Register Practice Area Registration Form Non-urgent advice: Please note From 1st April 2025, all new registrations including new-born babies are online only. We do not accept paper forms. All new registrations must come to us via our website or the NHS website. We do not accept patients who live outside of our catchment area. If you move out of our practice catchment area, please register with a new GP closer to your home within 28 days as you will be deducted after 28 days. How to Register We accept all patients living within the practice area. Please use the below guide to check whether you are in our catchment area. You will be required to provide your NHS number, proof of ID or proof of address. We accept all patients living within the practice area. Please use the below guide to check whether you are in our catchment area. You will be required to provide your NHS number and proof of address if requested by your GP. Please note we do not register patients outside of our catchment area even if you live close to the surgery. Please make sure to check your postcode below to see if you are in our catchment area. If you have never been registered with a GP before we will need the date you first entered the country and proof of residency in the UK. If you are homeless, please come and talk to our team regarding registration. We will need to know where you were born and if this is in London, we will need the name of the Borough. For new patient registrations please fill the form online and submit. For children under the age of 16, please provide the relevant forms along with their red book or immunisation history(we will request this after the registration). For newborn babies, please provide the red book and hospital discharge summary along with the registration form. Please note registration can take up to 5 to 7 working days. PLEASE NOTE FROM 1ST OF APRIL 2025, ALL NEW REGISTRATIONS INCLUDING NEWBORN BABIES ARE ONLINE ONLY. WE DO NOT ACCEPT PAPER FORMS. ALL NEW REGITRATIONS MUST COME TO US VIA OUR WEBSITE OR THE NHS WEBSITE https://www.nhs.uk/service-search/find-a-gp/. WE DO NOT ACCEPT PATIENTS WHO LIVE OUTSIDE OF OUR CATCHMENT AREA. Practice Area Catchment Area Registration Form It is now quick and easy to register with us online. Please register online. Register online About Our Surgery Subject Access Request Travel Questionnaire Practice Policies and Patient Information Disabled Access Interpreters Patient Participation Group New Patients Temporary Residents Non-English Speakers Friends & Family Test Cockfosters Medical Centre Heddon Court Avenue, Cockfosters, Herts, EN4 9NB 020 8441 7008 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Cockfosters Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 2 September 2026 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Cockfosters Medical Centre 2026