This website uses cookies We use cookies to improve user experience. Choose what cookies you allow us to use. You can read more about our cookies before you choose. STRICTLY NECESSARY PERFORMANCE TARGETING FUNCTIONALITY ACCEPT ALL DECLINE ALL × Powered by My Surgery Website Translate this page Alexandra Surgery DR. A. SIVANANTHAN & TEAM, 125 Alexandra Park Road, (Muswell Hill), London, N22 7UN Tel: 020 8888 2518 Home News Online Services Opening Times Opening Hours When We Are Closed Prescriptions Repeat Prescriptions Repeat Request Appointments Appointments Home Visits Test Results New Patients Registration Non-English Speakers Services Clinics & Services Travel Vaccinations Staff Doctors Nursing Team Practice Team Healthcare Team Contact Details Have your say Patient Group Patient Group Reports News Survey Report New Patient Registration Who can register with a GP surgery? Everyone, literally. That includes people who are in the country on short stays, and those who do not have the right to stay. New patients are requested to provide some details (see GMS1 form below). If you have an NHS number it will speed things up. # Some form of ID and proof of address are not mandatory, but will be helpful. And we need to have some way to get in touch with you if something arises (for example, your test results). You will be offered an appointment with a Healthcare Assistant for a health check in order to complete registration. - #To find your NHS number, search online for "Find Your NHS Number" and follow this link: https://www.nhs.uk/nhs-services/online-services/find-nhs-number/ You need your surname, first name, date of birth and postcode (of the address registered with NHS). - . . We have Disabled Access (ramp and automatic door) for people with difficulty walking, Disabled Toilet, and Induction Loop for people who wear hearing aid. . . New Patient Registration DIGITAL METHOD Please follow this link: Register with Alexandra Surgery (London N22) 04.07.2024 - Rejected postcodes It has come to our notice that the NHS computer sometimes rejects online registration of patients who live near the surgery. These automatic responses do not come from the practice staff. We are making enquiries with the IT department. In the meantime, if you have difficulty registering, please contact our receptionist. . . PAPER METHOD Adults: Please fill in the GMS1 form and New Patient (Older child and Adult) Health Check form. Child (age 5 or younger): Please fill in the GMS1 form and New Patient (Child) Health Check form. - 1. GMS1 form: THIS FORM IS AVAILABLE IN THREE FORMATS. PLEASE USE ONE OF THEM. [a] You may download the current version of GMS1 form from the internet. https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/826307/GMS1-family-doctor-services-registration-form.pdf Please ensure it is the latest version - otherwise the Department of Health will reject your registration. [b] You may also collect a printed copy from our reception. [c] During the Coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic, entry to the surgery is by appointment only. We can accept your answers to the questions on the form, by email. GMS1 registration form (Word format) If you use this electronic form, you do not need the other two. Please be sure to fill in every section, even if it is N/A (not applicable). Otherwise the Department of Health will not put you on the system properly. - 2. Health Check form: New Patient (Adult) Health Check form: New Patient (Older child and Adult) Registration Health Check Form (Word) New Patient (Older child and Adult) Registration Health Check Form (pdf) New Patient (Child age 5 or younger) Health Check form: New Patient (Child up to 5) Registration Health Check Form (Word) http://www.alexandrasurgery.com/website/F85675/files/Child_Reg_Form1.doc New Patient (Child up to 5) Registration Health Check Form (pdf) http://www.alexandrasurgery.com/website/F85675/files/Child_Reg_Form.pdf . About Alexandra Surgery - Practice leaflet (UPDATED 08.12.2024): & FLIPBOOK https://online.fliphtml5.com/wtao/kuct/ . BOOKLET Surgery leaflet - A5 booklet 2024-Dec. Surgery leaflet - A5 booklet 2024-Dec. For booklet please print PDF version double-sided, flip page on short edge For booklet layout, please print Word version in landscape format, two page per sheet, double-sided, flip page on short edge . PRACTICE LEAFLET IN LARGE PRINT - PLEASE CLICK ON LINK BELOW: Surgery leaflet - A4 large print 2024-Dec. Surgery leaflet - A4 large print 2024-Dec. Our catchment area Old map New digital map - Core area New digital map - Outlying area We are now linked to a digital map. Core area: Core area Outlying area: Outlying area Some of you may remember the old hand-drawn map on our notice board: Old map of practice area When patients move beyond the boundaries of the catchment area, we usually advise them to re-register with a more local GP. However, we may agree to continuing looking after them, at the doctors' discretion, and considering various factors in the patient's interest. Further Information How to Register with Alexandra SurgeryWhat is new?Our teamAbout usHealth checks and ScreeningWeight ManagementCare of people with Long Term Conditions (LTC) -2023Physiotherapy (MSK)Mental HealthReferrals, Blood tests, X-raysRequests for Certificates and LettersIf you are pregnantInfluenza vaccine (Flu jab)Help us to help youPrivacy Policy and Subject Data AccessProcedures and PoliciesComplaints and SuggestionsCareersCharity WebsitesArchive - holiday arrangements Your Health Family HealthLong Term ConditionsMinor Illness Copyright 2006 - 2026 My Surgery Website | Edit | Staff Home | Your Data | Site Map | Accessibility | Cookie Policy