Skip to content Home How Do I? Practice Info Online Services Our Team Medical Services Health Advice Policies Contact Us Registering With Us We welcome new patients who reside within the practice catchment area. We accept new patients from the N4, N15, N16 and N17 postcodes. Register online at the NHS website You can register with us by filling out an online registration form at the NHS website This is the quickest and easiest method to register with Grove Road Surgery, and should take 10-15 minutes to complete. Other ways to register You can also register with the surgery in the following ways: Come into the surgery to fill out the registration pack during opening hours Download the registration pack, and the Patient & Practice Agreement. Print and complete both documents. You can then bring the forms to us in person, or email the completed forms with a copy of your ID and proof of address to ikwueke.​grovesurgery@​nhs.​net Completing your registration Whichever method you choose to register, to complete your registration we need to see: One proof of identification. This could be your passport or driving licence. One recent proof of residency /address. This can be a bank statement, a utility bill or tenancy agreement. For children under 16, we need their immunisation history such as their red book. If you wish to register with us from another GP Practice and you are having ongoing treatment, it is very helpful for us to have a summary print out from your previous doctor. Please request this as it is important for continuity of care as we do not get your records immediately. Further information and advice on registering with a GP Practice can be found at the NHS website. Patients outside our catchment area If your address is outside our catchment area, you are very welcome to register at our practice but please read the important details below: Arrangements introduced since January 2015 give people greater choice when choosing a GP practice. Patients can approach any GP Practice even if they live outside the practice area, to see if they will be accepted on to the patient list. If a practice chooses to register someone living out of area it will have no obligation to provide home visits. Registering with a GP surgery outside your local area can affect the NHS services that you can access including: home visits from your GP, including out of hours care. community services, such as physiotherapy or mental health. Out of Area registrations will be subject to review if we are unable to meet your medical needs. Temporary patient registration If you are ill while away from home, or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from a local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days, you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months, you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient, simply contact the practice. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient, although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Updating Your Personal Details Please advise us with proof, and in writing if you change name, address, telephone number, email address. You can update your details in several ways: How to update your details Fill out the relevant section of our admin request form and return it to the practice with your evidence of change of details. You can do this in person or by scanning and emailing your completed form and attaching evidence of changes to your personal details to ikwueke.​grovesurgery@​nhs.​net. Submit an admin request form at eConsult. Come in to the surgery and speak with the reception team in person. Get the NHS App The NHS app allows users to view their health record, book appointments, order repeat prescriptions and get health advice from the NHS on their phone or tablet. NHS Services can also be accessed from a computer. MORE ABOUT THE NHS APP Consult Online eConsult allows you to contact us online about non-urgent medical matters and make administrative requests, such as getting a sick note. Fill out a short form and answer a few simple questions, and we will contact you about your medical matter or administrative request. GO TO ECONSULT Get in touch Grove Road Surgery 1 Grove Road Tottenham London N15 5HJ 020 8800 9781 Our phone line is open Monday to Tuesday 8am to 7.30pm, and Wednesday to Friday 8am to 6.30pm Out of hours We close from 7.30pm on Mondays & Tuesdays, and 6.30pm Wednesday to Friday, and on weekends and bank holidays. For medical advice advice when we are shut, call NHS 111 - the NHS non-emergency number. It’s fast, easy and free. In a life-threatening medical emergency call 999. Important info Appointments Prescriptions Test Results Sick Notes How to Register Legal Terms of Use Disclaimer Accessibility Privacy & GDPR EN