Skip to content Search this website Search Online Services Home Register as a New Patient Appointments Prescriptions Practice Information Health Information News/Events Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryRegister as a New Patient Register as a New Patient Quote / Testimonial: Welcome to our practice family—we are so glad you are here! Choosing a GP surgery is an important decision, and we want you to feel confident that you are in safe, caring hands. We do not discriminate on the grounds of your: race, gender, social class, religion, sexual orientation, appearance, disability or medical condition. We are an accredited ‘Safe Surgery’. Your nationality or immigration status do not affect your right to register here. Our receptionists won’t ask you about your immigration status. Everyone living in England has the right to free care from a GP. While providing proof of identity or address can help us locate your medical records faster, it is not a requirement to register. Ask reception for an interpreter if you find it difficult to communicate in English. Register With Us Please complete the online ‘New Patient Registration’ form. Online New Patient Registration Form Registration forms are also available from Reception at the Practice. Having trouble registering with the practice? If you are unable to register using the link provided, please complete the registration form here and email it to: nelondonicb.econsultlyndhurst@nhs.net Our dedicated registration team will process your registration as quickly as possible. If you need any further information or assistance, please call 020 8539 1663 and speak to a member of our dedicated registration team. Temporary Patient Registrations Overseas Visitors Find Your NHS Number About Our Surgery Register as a New Patient Change of Address & Telephone Number Patient Participation Group Safe Surgery Meet the Team Accessing someone else’s information Friends & Family Test Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? The Lyndhurst Surgery 53 Lyndhurst Drive, Leyton, London, E10 6JB Get Directions 020 8539 1663 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm The Lyndhurst Surgery CQC overall rating Good 22 May 2017 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Lyndhurst Surgery 2026