Skip to main content Cookies on the Leyton Healthcare website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Leyton Healthcare CQC Rating: Good Language Search Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Contact Us Home Join the surgery Join the surgery Register with the surgery We use an online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with us. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Paper forms are still available if you need one. The service is designed and run by the NHS. It aims to cut practices’ workloads and make GP registration easier for the public. Please ask at reception if you would like to check whether you live within the catchment area. In deciding whether or not to accept a patient, the practice will not discriminate on grounds of disability or medical condition, age, appearance, race, gender, social class, religion or sexual orientation. If an application is refused the applicant will be given the reason for refusal in writing. You can either register online using the link above or come into the practice. To help aid us in the registration process when attending the practice or completing the online registration form we ask that, if you can, please bring with you or send via email to nelondonicb.leytonhealthcarepatients@nhs.net: One photographic ID (passport, driving licence etc.) One proof of residency, this can be any of the following: bank statement, utility bill (gas, electricity or water) council tax bill or land line telephone bills. These must be dated within the last three months. For children under 16 please provide a copy of their Red Book/immunisation details. Bringing or sending proof of address and ID when you register will help us match up your medical records and will make for a smoother registration process. If you have NHS number please provide this so we can easily locate your record. If you do not know your NHS number click here to find it. Please note: We are open till late Monday – Friday until 18:00 for patients that cannot attend during the day to register. Late appointments are also available for new patient health check appointments. Please note that in some circumstances other documents may be required. Further information can be provided by our reception staff. Practice Boundary Postcode Search Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access, please collect a proxy access form from reception from 9am to 5pm. Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Temporary Registration If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Page last reviewed: 08 May 2026 Page created: 30 April 2026 Support links You and Your General Practice Complaints and feedback GP earnings Patient participation group Practice Profile Privacy policy Surgery policies and procedures Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map Sign in 2026 Built by My Surgery Website