Cookies on the Glebelands Practice website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Glebelands Practice Menu Opening Hours Contact Us COVID-19 vaccinations are now available to book at the surgery for patients aged 75 and over, or those who meet the eligibility criteria. Please call the surgery to make an appointment. Find out more Dismiss Home Join the Practice Join the Practice Glebelands Practice welcome new patients who live within our catchment area. To complete the registration you will need your 10 digit NHS number to hand, which you can find on any hospital appointment letters/correspondence or by contacting your previous surgery. As it often takes some time for records to be forwarded from your former practice, all newly registered adult patients will be invited to have a "New Patient Check" with a member of the nursing team. All registrations received are reviewed weekly on Tuesdays. Once we have processed your registration, on the following Tuesday you will receive a SMS text message with a booking link attached, asking you to book a 20 min appointment. NEW PATIENT CHECK INFORMATION - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY: When you arrive for your new patient check, you will be asked by reception to provide hard copy originals of both your of photo ID (either a passport or driving license) and proof of address confirming that you are living within catchment (council tax/utility bill/bank statement dated within the last 3 months) You will not be permitted to attend your new patient check without these items and your registration will be incomplete. Please also be prepared to do a urine sample on arrival, to take into your appointment with the nursing team. Once you have attended your new patient check and the process is complete, you will be a Glebelands patient with full access to all the services available from the surgery. To join our practice, new patients will need to click here and complete the online registration process or scan the QR code. Alternatively, you can register via https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F86020 Please make sure that you ARE within catchment and have all the necessary information to hand, as inappropriate and/or incomplete registrations will be rejected. New Patient Registration Information Anyone in England can register with a GP surgery. It's free to register. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number but it might help of you have one or more of the following: passport birth certificate HC2 certificate rough sleepers' identity badge hostel or accommodation registration or mail forwarding letter If you're homeless, you can give a temporary address, such as a friend's address or a day centre. You might be able to register with a GP surgery that's not in the area you live. Find out about registering with a GP surgery out of your area GP surgeries are usually the first contact if you have a health problem. They can treat many conditions and give health advice. They can also refer you to other NHS services. Temporary Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: Albanian Arabic Bengali English Bulgarian Cantonese Croatian French Farsi Gujerati Hindi Lithuanian Mandarin Portuguese Polish Punjabi Somali Russian Turkish Spanish Urdu Page last reviewed: 20 December 2023 Page created: 20 December 2023 Further Information You and Your General Practice Contact Us Carer Support in Redbridge Local Support Services Pregnancy Care Planner GDPR and Privacy Patient Record Patient Comments GP Earnings Practice Policies Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map