Cookies on the Dr Oraelosi and Partners website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Dr Oraelosi and Partners Menu Home Appointments Prescriptions Practice Services About the surgery Contact Us Language Home Join the surgery Join the surgery Register as a new patient Click here to register Practice Boundary Check Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Following your registration you may be required to have a new patient check to enable your registration to be fully complete. An appointment will be offered if needed. You will be asked to bring proof of Identity and proof of address from the list of acceptable documents below. Once all your documentation has been seen and you have completed your health check, you will then be fully registered with the practice. Please see list of acceptable documentation for address. Utility Bill - Gas, Electric, Water Rates, telephone (landline not mobile) Bank / Building Society statement Tenancy Agreement Council Tax Bill Please see list of acceptable photographic documentation for identity. Passport Home Office card Driving License Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access, please collect a proxy access form from reception from 9am to 5pm. Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Page last reviewed: 21 April 2026 Page created: 04 March 2024 Further Information Mission Statement You and Your General Practice Patient participation group Complaints and feedback GP earnings Policies & Procedures Privacy policy Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map