Skip to main content Cookies on the Ilford Lane Surgery website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Language Search Search Home Registration Appointments Prescriptions Online Forms Services We Provide Opening Hours News Our Staff Browse More Notice Ilford Lane Sugery are encouraging all patients to use the NHS APP with notification TURNED ON. You can find out more by going to https://www.nhs-uk/nhs-app/or please ask at recep Find out more Dismiss Home Join the practice (Registration) Join the practice (Registration) Register at the Surgery Ilford Lane Surgery welcomes new patients who live within the IG1 catchment area. Catchment Area To join our practice, new patients will need to click on link below: https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/F86082 and complete the online registration process or scan the QR code (on the right ) You can register at Ilford Lane Surgery via the link above or please call into reception and complete the relavant forms. In order to complete your registration you will need to provide the surgery with your proof of address and identification. For example, a valid drivers licence, passport and a utility bill issued within the last three months. All new patients are offered a health check with a member of the healthcare team to ensure that any required tests are up to date and that we have an accurate note of any repeat medication you may be taking. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. Please contact reception for further information. Child Patient Registration Please note that at least one person with parental responsibility must be registered at the practice REGISTER ONLINE WITH SYSTMONLINE Temporary Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Access Disabled Access Wheelchair access is available for disabled patients. Help with communication We have access to external interpreters/advocates. We can also book interpreters for Sign language. We have recently got a Portable Hearing loop in the surgery. Practice Boundary Postcode Search Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Non English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: Albanian Arabic Bengali English Bulgarian Cantonese Croatian French Farsi Gujerati Hindi Lithuanian Mandarin Portuguese Polish Punjabi Somali Russian Turkish Spanish Urdu Page last reviewed: 06 March 2026 Page created: 11 July 2022 Support links GDPR and Privacy Health Promotion Diabetes Support Duty of Candour You and Your General Practice Patient Participation Group Who Else Can Help? Practice Policies GP Earnings Minor Eye Conditions Citizens Advice Bureau Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map Sign in 2026 Built by My Surgery Website