Skip to content Cranbrook Surgery 737A Cranbrook Road, Ilford, Essex, IG2 6RJ Search this website Search Online Services Accessibility Home Appointments Prescriptions Online Services Non-NHS Services Health information/ Events Our Practice News Contact Us English▼ HomeNew Patient Registration NOTICE: We will be having a planned power outage on Friday 18th September from 7am to 9am. Please note that we will not have internet access at this time; please submit any queries via Accurx Patient Triage. We will respond to your e-consults once the power is back. For any medical emergencies, please contact 999. Apologies for any inconvenience. New Patient Registration Contents Boundary Area Registrations Documentation Named GP Boundary Area Catchment Area If you live in our practice area and would like to register with us, you can complete the registration form available online by clicking on the link below. Please note we only accept registrations within our catchment area: IG1 – IG7, excluding IG3. Where you live may affect community referrals and access to home visit requests, so please ensure that you are within our catchment area before registering. Online Registration Registrations If you have previously been registered with a GP surgery in the UK, you will need to provide your NHS number when filling out the registration form. You will also need to include the name of your previous GP surgery, to allow your records to transfer. New patients under the age of 40, with any chronic conditions (e.g. diabetes, hypertension, asthma, cardiac issues, etc), mental health illnesses or ASD, will need to come in for a new patient health check with our practice nurse or health care assistant. New patients taking regular medications will also need to come in for the new patient health check, and must book for a medication review with a doctor. Please ensure you have enough medications before registering, as our GPs will not be able to prescribe medications without an initial review. If you are over the age of 40, with no chronic health conditions or regular medications, you will be offered to come in for the NHS health check – if you have not had this check already. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. Please contact reception for further information. Documentation All new patients will also need to provide one proof of ID (passport/ photo driving license) and one proof of address (utility bill or tenancy agreement ideally dated within the last 3 months, OR driving license with the correct address). This is to verify that your address is within our catchment area for referrals and access to community services. If you are from overseas, we will need proof that you intend to settle in the UK (such as a residence permit – BRP card, which is in date, or an eVisa). For children under 16, we will require a copy of the birth certificate, and a record of the immunisations they have had. If your child was born abroad, please bring a translated copy of the immunisations. For newborns, we will also require a copy of the birth certificate once you have this, and the red book. These documents can be brought into the surgery, or securely emailed to us at: nelondonicb.cranbrooksurgery@nhs.net. Named GP All patients at Cranbrook Surgery have a named, accountable doctor who is responsible for coordinating their care. Your named doctor will be allocated to you by the practice. You can still talk to or make appointments to see any of our doctors or nurses, not just your named GP. Home Page Book a blood test New Patient Registration Non-English Speakers Update Your Patient Record Online Services Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Cranbrook Surgery 737A Cranbrook Road, Ilford, Essex, IG2 6RJ Get Directions 02085547111 nelondonicb.cranbrooksurgery@nhs.net Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Cranbrook Surgery CQC overall rating Good 1 October 2021 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Cranbrook Surgery 2026