Skip to content York Road Surgery 55 York Road, Illford, Essex, IG1 3AF | Tel: 0208 514 0906 Search this website Search Online Services Accessibility Support Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patient Registration New Patient Registration Contents New Patient Registration Practice Catchment Area Temporary Registration Guide to GP Services New Patient Registration We are open for new patient registrations. You can now register yourself, or someone you care for, with York Road Surgery online, via the NHS Website or the NHS App. This new online service makes it possible to register in a simplified and standardised way. Please click here to register. Alternatively, you can come to the surgery to take and fill the registration form and bring the filled in form with ID proff and address proof to the surgery in person after 13.00. Please bring photo ID and proof of address for registration with the practice. Please see the table below for accepted additional documents. Accepted Registration Documents Warning advice: Kindly come to submit registration forms after 1pm as Reception is usually busy with same-day appointment bookings when we open. All patients need to be present in the surgery when submitting registration forms. All new patients registering with the practice are invited to have a new patient health check to identify specific health needs. Please be ready to tell us details of your past illnesses, medication, hospital admissions and any other relevant information. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. Please contact reception for further information. Practice Catchment Area The surgery list is open to any eligible U.K resident falling within the practice catchment area. Catchment Area Temporary Registration If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Download the Temporary Resident Registration Form Guide to GP Services The Royal College of General Practitioners has produced a useful guide for patients about the services on offer at GP Surgeries and how to access them. You can download the guide here. About Our Surgery You and your general practice Text Message Reminders New Patient Registration Accessibility Information Patient Participation Group Non-NHS Services In Times of Bereavement Friends & Family Test Meet the Team York Road Surgery CQC overall rating Good 16 September 2026 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, York Road Surgery 2026