Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions Registrations Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Our patient registration policy does not discriminate on the grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation or appearance, disability or medical condition. How to Register To join our surgery, please complete the online registration form Alternatively, if you would prefer to register in-person, please ask at reception for the forms. Please complete these forms and bring them into the surgery. When registering you will be asked to provide a photo I.D and a proof of address. However, if your circumstances do not allow this, for example if you are homeless, you can still register with the practice. Please speak to reception who will support you through the registration process. GP practices in North East London are taking part in an initiative to ask patients four yes/no questions about their lives. You may be asked the questions by text message, during a routine interaction with your practice, or when you first register. Please see the patient video below. Safe Surgery - All Are Welcome! We are proud to be a safe surgery for everyone in our community, and pledge to ensure that everyone in our community receives the quality healthcare they are entitled to. In partnership with Doctors of the World UK, we will ensure that our practice offers a welcoming space for everyone who seeks to use our services. SAFE SURGERIES We will ensure that a lack of identification, proof of address, or immigration status do not prevent patient registration. As a member of the Safe Surgeries community, we will endeavour to support other Safe Surgeries and the development of the network. If you wish to register, please speak to a member of staff who can help and support you with the process of registration. You can learn more at Doctors of the World UK After your registration has been processed, you will be offered a face to face appointment with the practice nurse, who will complete a new patient medical assessment. Migrant? Know your rights Everyone in the UK has the right to free care from a GP. If you don’t have proof of ID or address, you can still register. Immigration status or nationality don’t matter - reception won’t ask for immigration documents and won’t share your information with the Home Office unless serious crime is involved. All are welcome! Your nationality or immigration status do not affect your right to register here We are a Safe Surgery for everyone in our practice area. Everyone living in England has the right to free care from a GP. Ask reception for an interpreter if you find it difficult to communicate in English. Our receptionists won’t ask you about your immigration status. If you are worried about giving us your address, please let us know. Your information is safe with us. Don’t have documents? Don’t worry We are a Safe Surgery for everyone in our practice area. We might ask for ID or proof of address. But if you don’t have any and you live in our practice area, you can still register with us. We won’t ask for immigration documents Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. Use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. Find out more and download the app Visit the NHS website to learn more Providing NHS Services Claremont Medical Centre 27 Claremont Road Walthamstow London E17 5RJ Telephone: 0208 527 1888 The Practice Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Quick Links Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO