Skip to main content Cookies on the Kings Head Medical Practice website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Kings Head Medical Practice CQC Rating: Good Menu Opening Hours Online Services Our Staff News Contact Us Language Home New Patients New Patients Register as New Patient We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with this GP surgery. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Alternatively there is a paper registration form, this is available from reception. Please note: you are NOT REGISTERED with the Practice until you have brought in your PROOF OF ADDRESS to show you reside in our catchment area (Valid within the last 3 months). If we do not receive your proof Address within 4 weeks of the online application, your application will be void. Example of Documents accepted are: Photo ID (Passport or Driving Licence) Proof of Address in the form of: Utility bill (Gas/ Electric/Telephone) Bank/credit card statement Tenancy Agreement Benefit/Family credit letters If you have a medical card or your NHS number (which can be found on hospital letters or precriptions), this will speed up the registration process. REGISTRATION OF CHILDREN We CANNOT Register ANYONE under the age of 16 without a parent or guardian being registered. To Register a child, please ensure that you bring the following information. Record of Previous Immunisations (i.e. child's Red Book) Birth Certificate School/College Letter - If over the age of 5 years old) You have the right to express your preference to see a particular practitioner. Practice Area Boundary: Extending North along Sewardstone Road to Daws Hill to join Bury Road heading South to Forest Side - Larkshall Road - Endlebury Road - Mansfield Hill to Sewardstone Road. Change of Personal Details Please notify us immediately of any change in your name, address or telephone number to help us keep our records up to date. Disabled Patient Facilities There is wheelchair access to the ground floor of the surgery and a disabled access toilet on the ground floor. Find Us Please click here to get directions. Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. The practice has interpreter services for non-english speaking patients. Please let reception know before your appointment to arrange an interpreter for you. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: English Farsi Urdu Albanian Bengali Hindi Arabic Croatian Lithuanian Bulgarian Punjabi Polish Chinese (Cantonese) Somali Portuguese Chinese (Mandarin) Gujerati Spanish Russian Turkish French Page last reviewed: 24 April 2020 Page created: 24 April 2020 Further Information You and Your General Practice Practice Policies Privacy Policy Carers Advice Useful Telephone Numbers Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map