Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Register with the practice as a new patient We accept new patients. If you would like to register as a patient at this practice, please note you must reside within the practice area, We do not accept out-of-area registrations This practice can refuse a registration because the patient lives out of area; this has not changed with the 2015 reforms and is explicitly a voluntary arrangement. be eligible for treatment under the NHS. Whilst you do not need to provide proof of address to fully register at the practice, we ask that you supply two forms of acceptable ID to ensure an accurate registration process. We will not store these documents and we will securely delete / destroy them after our initial verification. How to Register Check you live within the boundary area To access our registration process, first check you are in our catchment area. If you have any questions about your eligibilty join this surgery please contact us. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap New Patient Registration Times Monday to Friday: All Day (less busy times between 10:00am and 4:00pm) Saturday: Closed Sunday: Closed Access If you need any small changes as a disabled person to make your visit to us possible please let us know. Details regarding access, how we can support you and building images Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. See further information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. About Us Policies Meet the Team Jobs Feedback & Complaints Events & Closures Contact Care Quality Commission Rating: Good Riverside Surgery 50 Pier Road (main site) Erith Kent DA8 1RQ Telephone: 01322 432997 You and Your General Practice Riverside Surgery 25 Mill Road Branch Erith Kent DA8 1HW Telephone: 01322 432997 Riverside Surgery 62 Battle Road Branch Erith Kent DA8 1BJ Telephone: 01322 432997 © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO