Skip to content Broomwood Health Centre 41 Broomwood Road, St. Paul’s Cray, Kent, BR5 2JP | Tel: 01689 832454 Search this website Search Online Services Accessibility Reasonable Adjustment Digital Flag Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients Contents How to Register Practice Boundary Temporary Residents Overseas Visitors We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area. How to Register To register with our practice please firstly check that you are within our practice boundary area. If you are within our area you can register online today or you can print and complete the new patient registration form below and bring it to the surgery. Alternatively you can come to the surgery to collect a new patient pack. Register Online Paper Registration Form To register with our practice it is helpful to have proof of ID but this is not mandatory. However, you will need to return your completed registration forms in person if over 16 years. Acceptable identification includes (not mandatory): Passport or Identity Card/Visa Birth Certificate NHS card Driving License HC2 Certificate Rough sleepers’ identity badge Hostel Registration/mail forwarding letter Recent bank statement Council tax letter Utility Bill For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS website. Practice Boundary We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area. Before attempting to register with the practice, please ensure you live within our service boundary by entering your postcode below. Catchment Area Temporary Residents If you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from a surgery for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary patient or permanent patient. You can request a Temporary Resident Form from your surgery. You can register as a temporary patient if you are in the area for longer than 24 hours but less than three months. For more information please see here. Overseas Visitors Those who visit the UK from overseas must pay for their care when they are in England. In 2015 changes were made to how the NHS charges overseas visitors for healthcare so the NHS does not lose out on income for the services these patients have received. For information for overseas visitors please see here. About Our Surgery Common questions about veteran-friendly GP practices Data and Privacy Primary Care Network Feedback Accessing a GP Bromley Primary Care Contacting your GP Practice Update your Details Patient Participation Group New Patients Online Registration Form Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Broomwood Health Centre 41 Broomwood Road, St. Paul’s Cray, Kent, BR5 2JP Get Directions 01689 832454 Opening Hours Monday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Tuesday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Wednesday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Thursday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Friday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Saturday Closed Sunday Closed The Broomwood Road Surgery CQC overall rating Good 31 May 2018 See the report Broomwood Health Centre is part of the The Crays Collaborative PCN English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Broomwood Health Centre 2026