Skip to content Addington Road Surgery 77 Addington Road, West Wickham, BR4 9BG | Tel: 020 8462 5771 Search this website Search Online Services Accessibility Opening Hours Reasonable Adjustment Digital Flag Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact Accessing the practice HomeSurgery InformationNew Patients New Patients Contents How to Register Practice Boundary Temporary Residents Overseas Visitors How to Register For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS website. Joining the practice is easy. All eligible people living in the practice’s catchment area can register with Addington Road Surgery as a regular patient. You can check the boundary of the catchment area below. To register with our practice please follow the link below to complete the online registration form. Register with us online Paper Registration Form to Print Carers Registration Form After you have completed the form either via the online link or the paper version, you must attend the surgery within 7 days with one form of identification and proof of address. Acceptable identification includes: Passport Birth Certificate HC2 Certificate Rough sleepers’ identity badge Hostel Registration/mail forwarding letter. Until we have seen your identification you will not be registered at the practice. We will also need you to bring the following when you come in to register: • History of vaccinations for all children. For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS website. Surgery Information Accessing the practice Bromley Primary Care Carers Registration Form Contacting your GP Practice Friends & Family Test Interpreting and Translation Support Meet the Team New Patients Online Registration Form Patient Participation Group Practice Policies Update Your Contact Details Vacancies Primary Care Network Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Addington Road Surgery 77 Addington Road, West Wickham, BR4 9BG Get Directions 020 8462 5771 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm The practice email address is not for use regarding urgent enquiries. Addington Road Surgery CQC overall rating Good 13 September 2019 See the report Addington Road Surgery is part of the Hayeswick PCN English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Addington Road Surgery 2026