Skip to content Southborough Lane Surgery Crown Medical Centre, 3 Mackintosh Street, Bromley, Kent, BR2 9GT Search this website Search Online Services Accessibility Reasonable Adjustment Digital Flag Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients Contents Temporary Residents Practice Boundary How to Register Temporary Residents If you are not registered with the practice but need treatment from a surgery, you can request to register as a temporary patient. Please collect a Temporary Patient Form from the surgery reception. For more information please see here. Practice Boundary Anybody living within our catchment area below is welcome to register at Southborough Lane Surgery; we are unable to accept patients from outside of the catchment area. Catchment Area How to Register New patients wishing to register will not be discriminated against on the grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation or appearance, disability or mental condition. If you would prefer to print off and complete our registration form to bring to the surgery, please use the below link. For New Born Babies – please bring Red Book &/or Birth Certificate in to the surgery. Register Online Paper Registration Form to Print After you have completed the form either via the online link or the paper version, you must attend the surgery within 7 days with one form of identification and proof of address. Acceptable identification Until we have seen your identification you will not be registered at the practice. We will also need you to bring the following when you come in to register: History of vaccinations for all children. For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS website. About Our Surgery Information for Patients Seeking Private Treatment Data and Privacy Practice Information Leaflet Primary Care Network Feedback and Complaints Accessing a GP Bromley Primary Care Contacting your GP Practice Patient Participation Group Update your Details Vacancies New Patients Online Registration Form Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Southborough Lane Surgery Crown Medical Centre, 3 Mackintosh Street, Bromley, Kent, BR2 9GT Get Directions 0208 468 7081 Opening Hours Monday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Tuesday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Wednesday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Thursday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Friday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Saturday Closed Sunday Closed Crown Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 5 January 2017 See the report Southborough Lane Surgery is part of the Five Elms PCN English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Southborough Lane Surgery 2026