Skip to content Bank House Surgery 84 High Street, Farnborough, Kent, BR6 7BA | Tel: 01689 857691 Search this website Search Online Services Accessibility Reasonable Adjustment Digital Flag Home News Clinics and Services Our Practice Health Information Contact HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients We are happy to register new NHS patients within our practice boundary area. Catchment Area How to Register To register with our practice please follow the link below to complete the online registration form. New Patient Registration Form After you have completed and submitted we may request you attend the surgery with two forms of identification. Acceptable identification includes: Passport Birth Certificate HC2 Certificate Rough sleepers’ identity badge Hostel Registration/mail forwarding letter. If requested you will not be registered at the practice until we have seen your identification. For further information on registering with your GP, please visit the NHS website. About Our Surgery Armed Forces veteran friendly accredited GP practice Data and Privacy Primary Care Network Send Us Your Feedback Update your Details Patient Participation Group Vacancies Referrals Bromley Primary Care Our Team has Grown Accessing a GP Contacting your GP Practice A brief history of the Practice Accessing the practice New Patients Temporary Residents Overseas Visitors Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Bank House Surgery 84 High Street, Farnborough, Kent, BR6 7BA Get Directions 01689 857691 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm CQC regulates Dr Vidutta Sharma to provide care at Bank House Surgery We haven't inspected this service yet We checked this service was likely to be safe, effective, caring, responsive and well-led during registration. See registration details Bank House Surgery is Part of Orpington PCN English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Bank House Surgery 2026