Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings The Lewisham Care Partnership Translate Home Appointments Prescriptions New Patients Services About Us Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Register with the practice as a new patient How to Register Check you live within the boundary area To access our registration process, first check you are in our catchment area. If you have any questions about your eligibilty join this surgery please contact us. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap How to Register If you would like to join a practice you should ideally complete our online registration form. Alternatively you can bring proof of address (Utility Bill etc) and your NHS (National Health Service) number with you to the surgery. You will then be giving a registration form and Patient Questionnaire to complete. After this is returned to the practice you will be given an appointment to see the Health Care Assistant for a New Patient Check, and this would complete the registration process. Children 16 and under do not need to complete the registration form. An adult member of the family can register them by providing the required information and signing the registration application on their behalf. As a patient, you have the right to express preference as to which GP you wish to see. However, if you require an appointment and your preferred GP is not available, you will be offered an appointment with another doctor. If you still wish to see your preferred GP you may have to wait longer. When you register, it's helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Complete a New Patient Registration Form All patient registrations can take up to 5 working days to be processed and added to our system, patients will be sent a text message to confirm registration. Your Named GP As part of a new contractual requirement for 2015-16, all patients registered within The Lewisham Care Partnership will be allocated a usual GP but have the choice of attending any of our 5 sites to receive our services. What does 'accountable' mean? The new contract requires the named accountable GP to be responsible for the co-ordination of all appropriate services required under the contract and ensure they are delivered to each of those patients where required, on the patients behalf. However, this does not mean that they will be the only GP or clinician who will provide care to that patient. This GP may be a partner or a salaried GP. Will GP practices write to patients to inform them of their named GP? No. However, practices are required to inform patients of their named GP at the next appropriate interaction. Can patients choose their own named GP? In the first instance, patients will simply be allocated a named GP. However, if a patient requests a particular GP, reasonable effort will be made to accommodate their preference. Do patients have to see their named GP when they book an appointment? No. Patients can and should feel free to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice in line with current arrangements. However, if their preferred choice of GP is not available, an alternative will be offered. CONTACT Contact our practices All calls are recorded. ABOUT US Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Forum Practice Policies Friends & Family Test Complaints & Feedback You and Your General Practice QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details Our Services The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright YES NO