Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Translate Online Services How do I? News and Events COVID19 Help Desk Contact Us About Us HOME JOIN THE PRACTICE Register with us as a New Patient BACK TO MAIN INDEX Check you live within our boundary area Use the postcode checker. If you are unsure please contact us. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Online Registration We are now using a new automated registration process which will ensure all patients are registered within 2 working days. Please follow the link below to fill out a registration form. Register Online Pre-registration If you wish to pre-register click on the link below to open the form. When you have completed all of the details, please print out. When you visit the surgery for the first time you will need proof of address, Photo ID and the print out of the form online to confirm that the details are correct. Pre-Registration Form Named GP Each of our patients has a named and accountable GP responsible for their overall care at Park View Surgery. If patients have a preference as to which GP has responsibility for their overall care, they are free to inform us and we will make every reasonable effort to accommodate their request. Safe Surgeries We are a part of Safe Surgeries and committed to tackling the barriers to healthcare faced by migrants. CONTACT DETAILS Park View Surgery 186 Brownhill Road Catford London SE6 1AT Tel: 0208 698 6566 FEEDBACK Give feedback, see our reviews, CQC Report, GP Patient Survey and Friends and Family Test GIVE FEEDBACK PRACTICE POLICIES Find out more about the policies and procedures we adhere to at Park View Surgery You and Your General Practice Terms of Use Privacy Statement Disclaimer Accessibility Statement Cookies Site Map © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists 2026 YES NO