Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings About Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions News & Events Contact Us You and Your General Practice Translate HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration We welcome registrations from those living within our practice area. Once you have registered with us, you will receive a welcome letter and you will be able to register for online services once you are fully registered. We recommend that new patients over 40 have a health check with our Health Care Assistant. If you have a chronic illness e.g. asthma you should book in with our nursing team for an initial assessment when registering. If you are registering a child under 16 and are a new family to our service, we ask you to provide the following in addition to the application form below: A copy of the child’s birth certificate Proof of parental responsibility/guardianship If you have difficulty in providing these, please contact us. How To Register? To register as a new patient at the practice. Please check if you are within our catchment area and then follow the registration process below. If you live within South East London the quickest way to register is via the links below. Registrations are usually complete within 48 - 72 hours. If you are unable to complete the registration below please contact the surgery and we can provide you with an alternative method. Please note this can take at least 4 weeks to process. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap REGISTER AT WATERLOO HEALTH CENTRE For identification purposes, you will need to upload proof of ID and proof of address at the end of the form. Proof of ID can be a passport or driving licence. Proof of address can be a utility bill (gas, electricity or water) or bank statement – dated within the last 3 months. Updating your Contact Details If you are already a patient and are about to move to a new address please let the reception team know by completing our change of details form. Update or Change Contact Details via accuRx Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. The NHS App Waterloo Health would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services CONTACT DETAILS Waterloo Health 114 Lower Marsh London SE1 7AE Telephone: 020 7928 4049 LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint NHS RESOURCES Health A-Z Live Well Mental Health Social Care & Support Pregnancy NHS Services You and Your General Practice The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. YES NO