Skip to main content Cookies on the Lordship Lane Surgery website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Lordship Lane Surgery CQC Rating: Requires improvement Menu 417 Lordship Lane SE22 8JN 020 8693 2912 Opening Hours Online Services About Us Our Staff Practice News Contact Us Home New Patients New Patients Register as a New Patient If you live in our practice area and wish to register we need certain information from you for each member of your family in to trace your previous medical records. We advise you below on how to register as there are several methods to doing so: You may call into the surgery, bringing with you, your NHS medical card from your previous GP. If you don't have a medical card you will need to complete a registration form (GMS1) and a health questionnaire - both forms are available on the above "Registering Online" tab. Please provide proof of address by way of a recent utility bill along with one form of photographic ID. All new patients are offered a health check with a member of the healthcare team to ensure that any required tests are up to date and that we have an accurate note of any repeat medication you may be taking. The practice has 3 full time doctors and patients can express a preference of practitioner. Catchment Area We register patients in SE22 and within a 1.5 mile radius. Online Registration We are using a new online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with this GP surgery. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It cuts our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. When you visit the surgery for the first time you will be asked to sign the form to confirm that the details are correct. Then complete the New Patient Questionnaire below. Register now New Patient Questionnaire Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: Disabled Patient Facilities The practice has disabled access for patients and a lift in the premise. Find Us Page last reviewed: 18 February 2026 Page created: 08 April 2021 Further Information Complaints and Feedback GP Patient Survey You and Your General Practice Carers Advice Friends and Family Test and Results Pharmacy First GP Earnings Practice Policies Feedback Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map