Skip to main content Cookies on the Springfield Medical Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Menu Homepage Appointments Prescriptions Online Services Services Patient's Info Board Contact Us Think Pharmacy First Benefits of Pharmacy First Pharmacy First aims to save up to 10 million GP appointments each year nationally. By sending patients with minor illnesses to pharmacies, GPs can focus on those with m Find out more Dismiss Home How to Register How to Register Non-urgent advice: You and your general practice (YYGP) You and Your General Practice (YYGP) has been developed to help patients understand what to expect from their general practice and how they can get the best from their GP team. YYGP also enables patient to provide feedback or raise concerns with their GP Practice, Healthwatch or the integrated care board (ICB). The YYGP document published by NHS England can be found below. Your Practice Charter Register with us If you would like to register with our practice, please fill in our patient registration form which may be obtained from the main reception at the practice. Alternatively, you may complete this online by clicking on the links below. We will ask you for: Proof of identity: ideally a passport, driving license or other photographic ID Recent proof of address i.e. a recent household bill or bank statement Please email these documents to our practice email: DOCMANEDT.G85673@NHS.NET As soon as you have completed the form online. If you have any questions regarding supporting documents please do contact the surgery on 020 3831 2290 for a discussion. Register Online Now Out of Area Since 2015 we have been able to register patients who live outside the practice area but without any obligation to provide home visits. Patients may approach any GP practice, even if they live outside the practice area, to see if they will be accepted on to the patient list. Out of area registration is voluntary for GP practices meaning patients may be refused because they live out of area. We may decide that it is not in your best interests or practical for you to be registered in this way. In these circumstances, we will not register you and will advise you to register (or remain registered) with a more local practice. If accepted but your health needs change we may review your registration to see if it would be more appropriate for you to be registered with a GP practice closer to your home. Out of Area Form Practice Boundary Check Postcode Skip map Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error Once you have been accepted as a patient... Proxy access Application for online access New and current patients can book appointments, order repeat prescriptions and see information in your GP records, including medications and allergies online. Online services proxy access request form Proxy access. What is Proxy access? Proxy Access for Children and Young People Linked profiles in your NHS account When Proxy Access May Be Refused or Removed Disabled Patient Facilities Disabled patient facilities are also available at this practice. (Car park space, ramp, toilet etc). Find Us Please click here to get directions. Page last reviewed: 04 February 2026 Page created: 05 November 2020 Further Information Patient's Info Board About us Contact Us Appointments Sick/Fit Note Certificates Family Health Travel Clinic Our Garden Project Practice Policies You and Your General Practice Connect With Us Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map