Skip to content Dr Curran & Partners (Clapham Health) 86 Clapham Manor Street, London, SW4 6EB‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎‏‏‎ ‎Email: lamccg.drcurran@nhs.net | Tel: 0207 411 6866 Search this website Search Online Services Register Online Home Appointments Prescriptions News Our Practice Health Information Contact us English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryRegistering with Us Registering with Us The practice area is shown with our catchment area marked. Catchment Area If you are unsure, you can also contact reception to confirm. If you are currently registered at the practice and are moving out of our catchment area, you can request to remain registered with us. Policy for patients moving out of our catchment area. How to Register as a Patient If you live in our practice catchment area you can join our list. Register Online Alternatively, you can visit the surgery with the following information (forms need to be completed for each family member registering): Your Medical Card. If you do not have a Medical Card, please complete a General Medical Services (GMS1) form A completed Registration Form: Male Patient Registration Female Patient Registration Child Patient (0 to 14 Years) A completed Fast alcohol screening test (FAST) A completed Accessible Information Standard questionnaire A completed Summary Care Record patient consent form 1 x Photo identification (eg Passport or Driving Licence). 1 x Utility bill or bank statement sent to your current address, which you have received within the last three months. What Happens Next? Once we receive your forms we can book you a new patient appointment at the surgery with our health care assistant. We will measure your height, weight and blood pressure during your new patient appointment. Please note if you are registering a child below the age of 7 years old please ensure that you bring a copy of the child’s red book or immunisation history, so that we can take a copy for our records. How to Register your New Baby You need to register your new baby at the practice as soon as possible. Therefore, please complete a General Medical Services (GMS1) form and send it to your surgery. Please ensure you provide your baby’s NHS Number which will be detailed in their Red Book. Once we have received the form, we will register your baby as a patient at this Practice. The Practice will send you an appointment for a mother and baby post-natal check. This is a 50-minute appointment, 30 minutes for the baby check and 20 minutes for the post-natal. Your baby’s course of routine immunisations will start at 8 weeks and will be given at this appointment. Please remember to bring the red book. If you cannot make this appointment, you must notify reception as soon as possible. Please be advised that if you do need to cancel, the next available appointment may be anything up to 4 weeks after that date. Accountable Named GP for All Patients About Our Surgery NHS App: Frequently Asked Questions Summary Care Records (SCR) - information for patients Accessing someone else’s information Disabled Access Public Transport and Car Parking About us Change of Contact Details Patient Participation Group Registering with Us Temporary Residents Clinics and Services Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Dr Curran and Partners 86 Clapham Manor Street, London, SW4 6EB Get Directions 0207 411 6866 lamccg.drcurran@nhs.net Monday & Tuesday, 8:00 am to 8:00 pm, Wednesday to Friday, 8:00 am to 7:00 pm Lambeth GP Access on Evenings and Weekends Dr Curran and Partners CQC overall rating Good 8 August 2016 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Dr Curran & Partners (Clapham Health) 2026