Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings 40 St Giles Road, Camberwell, London, SE5 7RF | Telephone: 0207 7404720 Facebook About Us Feedback Opening Hours Online Services News & Events Join Our PPG Contact Us Translate HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration If you wish to register you will need to complete a registration form. When you have completed all of the details, click on the "Submit Form" button to mail your form to us. We will send you a message once you are registered. New Patient Registration Communication Consent Form Who can register? If you live within our practice area you are welcome to register with us and our reception staff will be happy to guide you through the procedure. Eligibility can be quickly confirmed from a photo identification document (eg passport, driving licence) and your address (eg a recent utility bill, bank statement). If you cannot provide either of these please speak to reception. Enter your postcode to check you live within our boundary Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap You will need to complete our online registration form which will provide useful information whilst we wait for your medical records to arrive from your previous doctor. All new patients are offered a health check with a member of the healthcare team to ensure that any required tests are up to date and that we have an accurate note of any repeat medication you may be taking. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. Please contact reception for further information. Out of area registration Brunswick Park Family Practice may accept patients living outside the catchment area where it is clinically appropriate and practical. Each application is reviewed on an individual basis to ensure safe and effective delivery of care I do not want to register online If you prefer not to register online please complete the following steps: Please check our map (above) to ensure you live with our catchment area. Download and complete a PRF1 new patient form (also available from reception or by email). Return your completed registration forms to reception or email or post to us If you would like us to post a registration form to you to complete before you get here then give us a call on 0207 7404720. Interpreting services If English isn't your first language we can provide interpreting services to help with translation in your appointments. We can arrange for a telephone interpreter on the same day or a face to face interpreter with two working days’ notice. We are able to arrange this for most languages. This service is free of charge to the patient. If you would like to find out more please ask at reception, we can also arrange a telephone interpreter for this conversation if needed. Temporary services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. The NHS App Brunswick Park Family Practice would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services Brunswick Park Family Practice 40 St Giles Road Camberwell London SE5 7RF Telephone: 0207 7404720 PRACTICE INFO About Us GP Net Earnings Meet The Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies You and Your General Practice LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Services Opening Times The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Requires Improvement © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. Facebook YES NO