Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings ONLINE SERVICES HOW DO I...? NEWS & EVENTS CONTACT US HOME JOIN THE PRACTICE Register with us as a New Patient BACK TO MAIN INDEX New Patient Registration You may still register with us if you live outside of our catchment area (the Hither Green Area) however please note that our doctors will not visit you at home. Please check with reception if you are not sure. You can download our registration documents below or pop in to the surgery and collect a form and accompanying documents. Before you are fully registered you will need to attend the surgery for a new patient health check. Accountable / Named GP for All Patients All patients registered at The Woodlands Health Centre have a named doctor who has overall responsibility for your care and support. If you choose to see another doctor at the surgery you are entirely free to go on doing so exactly as before. How to register We have a two-step process to registering all new patients with the surgery: 1. You will be asked to complete the family doctor services registration form which you can do online here. Kindly attend the surgery with Photographic ID and Proof of Address which you are required to provide. Registration takes approximately 48hrs though this can be expedited in an emergency. What Can be Used As I.D Passport Driving Licence Official I.D Card What Can be Used As Proof Of Address Bank Statement Electiricity Bill Gas Bill Council Tax Bill Driving Licence Tenancy Agreement When registering please bring the original I.D & Proof Of Address to the reception area. 2. It is recommended that you call or attend the surgery within 48hrs of registration to get an appointment to see the Health Care Assistant or Practice Nurse for a New Patient Health Check. This can take between 10 and 30 minutes to complete. 3. You are a fully registered patient once you have completed your Health Check. 4. Please request a copy of our practice leaflet via our secure online form What Next? Once you’ve registered, it’s easy to Book an Appointment with any of our GPs or practice nurses by phone, in person or online. We also provide a range of Clinics & Services to help meet your health needs. Live within our boundary area? Woodlands Health Centre is a family friendly GP surgery which is fully wheelchair accessible. We welcome new patients who live or work within Hither Green, Lewisham and surrounding areas. Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Proxy Access The steps below show how you can give another person access: You contact your surgery to let them know you would like to give your chosen person access to your GP online services. You may also choose to register for online services for yourself if you do not already use them The Practice will give your chosen person a short form to fill in. You will also need to sign to confirm you agree with the information on the form. You can also choose whether you only want them to book appointments or order prescriptions or use all the services on your behalf. It is up to you Your chosen person will need to show your surgery their photo ID and proof of address, for example, a passport or photo driving licence and a bank statement or council tax statement. If they don’t have the required ID, speak to staff at the surgery, who may be able to help confirm their identity in another way Staff at the Practice will make a decision on whether to give your chosen person access to your GP online services. If we decide not to give them access, we will discuss their reasons with you The staff will give your chosen person their own username and password to use to login to your GP online services CONTACT DETAILS Woodlands Health Centre 4 Edwin Hall Place Hither Green Lane London SE13 6RN Tel: 020 8698 6664 FEEDBACK Give feedback, see our reviews, CQC Report, GP Patient Survey and Friends and Family Test GIVE US FEEDBACK PRACTICE POLICIES Find out more about the policies and procedures we adhere to at Woodlands Health Centre MORE ABOUT PRACTICE POLICIES Terms of Use Privacy Statement Disclaimer Accessibility Statement Cookies Site Map © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists 2026 YES NO