Skip to main content Cookies on the Shirley Medical Centre website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies Shirley Medical Centre Menu Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Contact Us Home Join the surgery Join the surgery Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Find out with GPs you can register with on the NHS website. To register https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/H83043 Details on how to register. Register with a GP surgery - NHS England Digital visit reception from 9am to 5pm and collect a paper registration form Please also download and complete our questionnaire which includes some useful information. When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. Please visit the surgery with proof of address and ID at the following times: Monday to Friday 6pm to 6:30pm Monday to Friday 1pm to 4pm Please respect these times as the surgery can become extremely busy. Accessing someone else’s information As a parent, family member or carer, you may be able to access services for someone else. We call this having proxy access. We can set this up for you if you are both registered with us. To requests proxy access, please collect a proxy access form from reception from 9am to 5pm. Linked profiles in your NHS account Once proxy access is set up, you can access the other person’s profile in your NHS account, using the NHS App or website. The NHS website has information about using linked profiles to access services for someone else. Accountable GP From 1st April 2015, practices are required to allocate all patients (including children) with a named accountable GP. The named GP is responsible for the coordination and delivery of all appropriate services, where required based on clinical judgement, to each of their patients. Patients do not need to see their named GP when they book an appointment with the practice. Patients are entitled to choose to see any GP or nurse in the practice. Page last reviewed: 28 May 2026 Page created: 17 July 2024 Further Information You and Your General Practice Patient participation group Complaints and feedback Surgery policies and procedures Privacy policy Sign in © 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map