Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Brigstock Medical Practice Facebook Twitter About Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions News & Events Contact Us Translate HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration If you wish to register you will need to complete a registration form. When you have completed all of the details, click on the "Submit Form" button to mail your form to us. We will send you a message once you are registered. New Patient Registration Who Can Register? If you live within our practice area you are welcome to register with us and our reception staff will be happy to guide you through the procedure. Eligibility can be quickly confirmed from a photo identification document (eg passport, driving licence) and your address (eg a recent utility bill, bank statement). If you cannot provide either of these please speak to reception. Enter your postcode to check you live within our boundary Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap You will need to complete our online registration form which will provide useful information whilst we wait for your medical records to arrive from your previous doctor. All new patients are offered a health check with a member of the healthcare team to ensure that any required tests are up to date and that we have an accurate note of any repeat medication you may be taking. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. Please contact reception for further information. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home, or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a permanent patient. To register as an Immediately necessary patient simply contact the practice. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. The NHS App Brigstock Medical Practice would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services Brigstock Medical Practice 141 Brigstock Road Thornton Heath Surrey CR7 7JN Telephone: 020 8684 0033 / 020 8771 9779 PRACTICE INFO About Us GP Net Earnings Meet The Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Services Opening Times The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. Twitter Facebook YES NO