Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Providing NHS Services Norbury Medical Practice Home About Us Appointments Prescriptions New Patients News & Events Contact Us Translate HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration We are happy to register new patients who live within the practice area. We do not discriminate on the grounds of your: race, gender, social class, religion, sexual orientation, appearance, disability or medical condition. You may provide proof of identification—such as a valid passport, driver's licence, or identity card—to help facilitate a smooth registration process. However, this is not mandatory. Please also provide information on any immunisations that were given outside of the UK. How To Register? To register as a new patient at the practice. Please follow the registration process below. 1 Check You Live Within The Boundary Area Enter your post code to check you live within the practice boundary area 2 Complete Our Patient Registration Forms If you live within the boundary area, please complete our new patient registration: 3 Book a New Patient Health Check Once the registration process is complete you will receive a confirmation letter from the registration department. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. The NHS App Norbury Medical Practice would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way order prescriptions, managing your healthcare and access to a range of NHS services. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services Norbury Medical Practice 2B Pollards Hill North Norbury SW16 4NL Telephone: 020 8679 6591 PRACTICE INFO About Us GP Net Earnings Meet The Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Services Opening Times The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. YES NO