Cookies on this website This website would like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We'll also use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about how Google uses cookies. Accept Decline Jubilee Surgery Whitton Corner Health and Social Care Centre, Percy Road, Whitton, Twickenham, TW2 6JL Telephone: 0203 405 0840 SORRY, WE'RE CLOSED Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Tests & Results Clinics & Services New Patients Patient Info Practice Staff Accessing your GP-held records via the NHS app or NHS website HomeNew Patients New Patients PLEASE READ OUR BOOKLET BELOW FOR ALL INFORMATION Practice-Booklet-Feb-2026 – If you live in our practice area and wish to register we need certain information from you and each member of your family to be able to trace your previous NHS medical records. All patients are required to provide photographic proof of identity (e.g. passport, photocard driving license). In addition all patients aged 16 years or over need to also provide current proof of address (e.g. utility bill no older than 3 months). All patients from Non-EU countries must present their passport with a valid visa. Please register by either completing the relevant forms which can be downloaded/viewed via the links at the bottom of this page, or by calling into the surgery to collect these documents. PLEASE NOTE: Our busiest times are before 9.30am and after 5.30pm so please try to avoid coming to the surgery to register at these times. Once you are registered with the practice you can also register for our Online Patient Access Service which allows you to book appointments, order repeat prescriptions and view certain aspects of your medical records. Please visit the Appointments Page on this website to register for Patient Access services. REGISTER ONLINE HERE: https://gp-registration.nhs.uk/H84031Patient registration form 1 New Patient Registration 2022 Jubilee Map 2023 We will text you once registration is complete and let you know your registered GP. This information is for administration purposes and you may see which ever GP you wish, if available. If you are on long-term medication or have a chronic health condition, you may be asked to book an appointment with a GP or our practice pharmacist for review and to authorise your repeat prescriptions. If you have a child under the age of 6 years, we will ask to see their red child health book so that we can ensure their immunisation record is up to date. Contact Us Minor Illnesses - contact NHS Pharmacy First HERE Self Help and Self Referrals Mental Health Support NHS Screening information page Children Why do I need this immunisation? See Pharmacy instead of a GP Carers Repeat Prescriptions via Patient Access To join our Patient Participation Group Update your Details Worried about cost of living, ULEZ Zone, coping in hot weather or staying healthy in winter Opening Times Monday 08:00am to 06:30pm Tuesday 08:00am to 06:30pm Wednesday 08:00am to 06:30pm Thursday 08:00am to 06:30pm Friday 08:00am to 06:30pm Saturday CLOSED Sunday CLOSED Useful Links NHS A-Z Conditions Live Well Calculate your Heart Age Check your Blood Pressure Reading You and Your General Practice Privacy Policy | Accessibility | Cookies Staff Login Accessibility Tools English▼