About NHS App Langley Medical Practice Home Appointments Prescriptions Advice and support Practice information Services Contact Home Practice information How to Register Welcome to Langley Medical Practice We are pleased to accept registration requests from patients who are living within the area indicated on the map below. Enter your postcode using the search option to see if you live in our catchment area. Please note we do not ask for immigration status. We are part of the Safe Surgeries Network. Immigration status Welcome information for patients from overseas Patient Health Questionnaires - Russian/Ukrainian The Reasonable Adjustment Digital Flag is a visible marker on a patients record which identifies the changes that need to be made by health and care services to make services as easily accessible as possible. This digital flag will be used to record, share and review details of a reasonable adjustment. If you feel your needs require a reasonable adjustment, for example: easy read leaflet large font leaflets and letters a British Sign Language Interpreter a quieter room for you to wait in to be seen with your carer; then please let us know on your registration form, or speak with a member of our team. We will require your consent for all reasonable adjustment flags to be added. For more information: Reasonable Adjustment Flag All new patients will be asked to see a member of staff for a basic health check. This involves completing a health questionnaire, recording of height, weight, blood pressure and a urine test to screen for diabetes and kidney disease. If you would like to speed up the registration process please use our online registration form and you will be registered within 48 (working) hours: Register with our Practice - Registration Form Or you can still print out the New Patient Registration and email it to SWLicb.LMP@nhs.net along with the above mentioned id. Please ensure you provide your NHS number on the form as this will delay your application without it. Please click on the link for instructions to register for our online service Patient Access or NHS App Please note completing the registration in hard copy will take longer to register than using the online registration form. For patients new to the country who may have limited English, we do have some patient health questionnaires in Albanian, Amharic, Arabic, Chinese Mandarin, Dari, French, Kurdish (Sorani), Pashto, Persian, Spanish although this is not all the requirements on our full patient registration form, so some of the form will still need to be completed in English, but we can email or print out part of the patient registration form, please ask at reception or view the online copy Health questionnaires for newly arrived migrants Temporary Patient Registration If you are visiting the area and require immediate and necessary treatment, you will need to register as a temporary patient. You can download a temporary registration form which you will need to print, complete and email to us and we will confirm whether we can assist by telephone. Please ensure your NHS number is added. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. Appointments Prescriptions Advice and support Practice information Services Contact About NHS App Opening hours Practice policies Care quality commission Privacy policy Accessibility statement Cookies policy You and your general practice Langley Medical Practice CQC overall rating Good 18 May 2026 See the report Assembled by webAdore Select Language​▼ Our use of cookies We use cookies that are necessary for the site to function securely and to remember your preferences. Some features, such as maps, videos, translation, and site search, may also use cookies provided by third‑party services. Choosing [Accept] means you agree to all cookies used on this site. Choosing [Decline] will block non‑essential cookies, which may affect how certain features work. For more detailed information about the cookies we use, please read our cookie policy. ACCEPT DECLINE