Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings Roselawn Surgery Facebook About Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions News & Events Contact Us Translate HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration New patients are welcomed at the surgery. All new patients will be asked for proof of identity in the form of a Passport, proof of your address i.e bank statement and length of residency in the UK. Registration forms will be given to each new patients for completion together with a medical questionnaire. When you register, you may be offered an appointment for a health check with the Health Care Assistant. Registration forms must be completed fully. If they are not this can delay your registration with the surgery. To register check your Postcode Check my location Marker + − Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap Online Access If you want online access for prescriptions and appointments (above 18 years) please complete the Online Access form. Online Access Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Vaccinations when you have moved to the UK Different countries offer different vaccines. It is good to check with your GP practice and make sure you have had all of the vaccines we offer for free here in England. Moved to the UK: migrant immunisation The NHS App Roselawn Surgery would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services Roselawn Surgery 149 Malden Road New Malden Surrey KT3 6AA Telephone: 020 8949 0555 PRACTICE INFO About Us GP Net Earnings Meet The Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Services Opening Times The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. Facebook YES NO