Tell us whether you accept cookies We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy. I'm OK with cookies Set my cookie preferences Skip to main content Manor Drive Medical Centre NHS GP Surgery in Surrey Search the Manor Drive Medical Centre website Search Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Home Services Register with the surgery Catchment area Before filling out a registration form, check you are in our catchment area. Enter your postcode Search Map Satellite Keyboard shortcuts Map data ©2026 Google Terms Report a map error You can also find out which GPs you can register with on the NHS website. Registering with the surgery To register with the surgery: complete the NHS register with a GP surgery: Manor Drive Medical Centre form online When you register, it’s helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number. After completing the form patients will then need to come in to the practice bringing photo id and a utility bill. Please come in after 11am. All new patients will need to complete a new patient health check using the POD located in the waiting area; no appointment is required as the POD is available during opening hours. Related information Named GP Page published: 5 May 2023 Last updated: 10 July 2025 3 The Manor Drive Worcester Park Surrey KT4 7LG Get directions 020 8329 9920 Home Appointments Prescriptions Services About the surgery Register with the surgery Contact us Opening times Sick (fit) notes Test results Feedback and complaints Wellbeing You and your general practice Manor Drive Medical Centre CQC overall rating Good 12 December 2016 See the report © Silicon Practice Accessibility statement Website policies