Skip to content Important Patient Notice: We Are Now Using Abtrace Please be aware that our practice is now using Abtrace to manage patient communications. You may receive legitimate text messages or emails from Abtrace regarding routine health reviews, blood tests, and vital health updates. Tel: 020 8224 4100 Out of hours: 111 @MRSurgery_48 My NHS Account Search Home Appointments Prescriptions About Us Clinics and Services Forms Help and Support Need help with a non-urgent medical or admin request? Contact us online with Accurx. Contact us online HomeClinics and ServicesRegister with us as a New Patient Register with us as a New Patient Catchment area Please enter your postcode below: Not in our catchment area? We also welcome patients living outside our catchment area. However, if you live outside the borough of Sutton it is important you are aware access to community services and home visiting services may be limited. Register online The NHS online registration form collects your details, a brief outline of your medical history and a record your preferences. This information may be added to your record and will allow us to begin to provide you with medical services. Please complete one form for each family member. New Patient Registration Form Register with paper form Would you rather register with a paper form? Download, print, complete and deliver to the practice in person. Register with a GP Surgery (PRF1 form) DOWNLOAD We may require proof of your ID and address to provide certain services. Welcome Video You and Your General Practice is a national guide on what you can expect from your GP surgery. It also explains what you can do to get the best from the NHS. Online Access Named accountable GP Find your NHS number The National Care Record Service (NCRS) Homeless people Organ Donation How to access NHS services in England if you are visiting from abroad Immediately Necessary Treatment Registration Policy Temporary Services Mulgrave Road Surgery 48 Mulgrave Road Sutton Surrey SM2 6LX Get Directions 020 8224 4100 swlicb.correspondence.H85018@nhs.net @MRSurgery_48 Opening Hours Monday 8:00 am – 8:00 pm Tuesday 8:00 am – 8:00 pm Wednesday 8:00 am – 8:00 pm Thursday 8:00 am – 8:00 pm Friday 8:00 am – 8:00 pm Saturday Closed Sunday Closed Rated Good Accessibility Cookie Policy Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Policy Designed by GenPra—Websites for GP Practices. Admin dashboard