Skip to content Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryNew Patients New Patients Quote / Testimonial: The doctors welcome new patients who live within our practice area. If you move out of the practice area you may need to register with another practice. All new patients are invited to make an appointment to have a health check with our practice nurse. Register With Us To register with us, please check you live within our catchment area; you can do this using the map below. Once you have ensured you live within our boundary, please complete the online ‘New Patient Registration’ form. Online New Patient Registration Form Registration forms are also available by contacting reception, or are able to be downloaded below. Each new patient registering must complete a ‘New Patient Registration Form’ and the relevant ‘Health Questionnaire’ Once completed, please email to swlccg.altonpractice@nhs.net along with a proof of address and ID. Alternatively, you can bring them into the surgery. New Patient Registration Form Child Health Questionnaire Adult Health Questionnaire Practice Area If you would like to check whether you are resident within our Practice area and so eligible to register with us a Practice then please enter your postcode below. Catchment Area Temporary Patient Registrations Overseas Visitors Find Your NHS Number Non-English Speakers About Our Surgery Carbon Reduction Plan Teaching Practice Patient Participation Group New Patients Friends & Family Test Accessing someone else’s information Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? The Alton Practice 208-210 Roehampton Lane, London, SW15 4LE Get Directions 0208 788 4844 swlicb.altonpractice@nhs.net Opening Hours Monday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Tuesday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Wednesday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Thursday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Friday 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Saturday 8:30 am to 12:30 pm Sunday Closed The Alton Practice CQC overall rating Good 26 August 2022 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Alton Practice 2026