Telephone Lines open Monday-Friday 8:00am-6:30pm Main: 0208 835 0077 STREATHAM PARK SURGERY About Us Services Opening Times Accessibility Contact Us NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION How to Register If you live within our practice area, you are welcome to register with us. You can call us to check your eligibility, which can be quickly confirmed from your address. The Streatham Park Surgery has two sites, one in Streatham and the other about a mile away in Tooting. To register, complete the registration forms below. Adults are requested to submit two forms of identification. Note that by sending the form you will be transmitting information about your self across the Internet and although every effort is made to keep this information secure, no guarantee can be offered in this respect. If you are not ordinarily resident in the UK, you can register with a GP, but you may not be eligible for free NHS care in some health care settings. Read more here. ADULT REGISTRATION FORM UNDER 18's REGISTRATION FORM New patient health check New patients are offered a health check. You will be invited for a review of any ongoing conditions and medication. Screening New patients are offered screening according to the national and local screening programmes. Learn more about - National screening programmes - Cancer screening Treatment and appointments Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. NHS App All patients are offered registration with the on-line app that allows you to view parts of your medical records, book appointments and request repeat prescriptions. Find out more here ADDRESS 91 Mitcham Lane Streatham SW16 6LY EMAIL swlccg.spsadmin@nhs.net AFFILIATIONS SWL CCG SWL Health and Care Partnership NHS England QUICK LINKS NHS 111 DoctorLink PatientAccess myGP Practice Policies Disclaimer Cookies Site Map GDPR © Copyright 2020 Streatham Park Surgery - All Rights Reserved We use cookies to give you the best experience as specified in the cookie policy. Rejecting cookies may make some features unavailable. REJECT ACCEPT