Skip to content Tel: 020 8647 4622 Out of hours: 111 Log in to Online Services My NHS Account Search Home Appointments Prescriptions About Us Contact and opening hours We are a Safe Surgery Have your Say Making the most of your Practice Meet the Team Doctors Nurses Practice Team Our Allied Health Professionals Practice Policies At the Practice Data Patient Record Patient Rights Website Policies Regulations & Governance Teenage Friendly Clinics & Services Appointments, Tests & Referrals Appointments Referral for Further Care See a Doctor or Healthcare Professional Tests & Investigations Clinics Travel Clinic & Holiday Vaccinations Online Services How to get your Medical Records Learn My Way NHS App Patient Record Practice Services Forms Keep us up to Date Health Review Forms Help & Support News HomeClinics & ServicesPractice ServicesRegister with us as a New Patient Register with us as a New Patient Do you live in our catchment area? We are happy to accept new patients who are ordinarily resident in the UK and living within our practice boundary. See if you live within our practice boundary by using the interactive map and postcode checker. Not in our catchment area? Find a GP in your area Approximate Practice Boundaries Our practice boundary falls within approximately a 2 mile radius of the surgery. However, if you have a query please contact the receptionist on 020 8647 4622, and they will be able to advise you. Please note that if you were previously registered with a Doctor outside the UK then the Practice will not have access to your medical notes. All patients who register from abroad should contact their previous Doctor to obtain copies of their notes. Register online We are using an NHS online service called Register with a GP surgery that makes it easy to register with this GP surgery. Just fill in this quick online form to start the process. You do not need proof of address or immigration status, ID or an NHS number. The service is designed and run by the NHS, so your personal information is safe. It reduces our administrative workload and makes it easier for you to register. Paper forms are still available if you need one. Register at our GP surgery You and Your General Practice is a national guide on what you can expect from your GP surgery. It also explains what you can do to get the best from the NHS. Do you need information in a different format? Patients can receive information in formats that they can understand and receive appropriate support to help them to communicate with their practice. Let us know if you have any specific needs Complete an accessible information standard questionnaire Named Accountable GP You will be assigned to a doctor who will be your “Named Accountable GP” as required by the NHS, however, you can choose to be seen by any clinician as long as they are available. You will be added to the practice list, not an individual doctor. You can ask to be seen by any of the doctors in the practice although it will not always be possible to see the doctor of your choice on a particular day and time. Find your NHS number Use this service to get your NHS number. Your NHS number is a 10 digit number, like 485 777 3456. You do not need to know your NHS number to use NHS services, but it can be useful to have it. Find your NHS Number Registration in Person You can visit the surgery and speak to one of our receptionists. The forms which need to be completed can be downloaded below. If you have a medical card from your previous practice you can bring it with you, and to ensure continuity of medication, we require your repeat medication list (the right hand side of your prescription) also. In addition, you must bring proof of identification, such as a valid passport, driving licence or identity card. You must also bring a document that gives proof of residence such as a utility bill (e.g. gas, electricity or telephone), Council Tax bill or a tenancy agreement. If you were not born in this country please put the date of your entry into the UK on the new registration form (mauve in colour), otherwise your new registration cannot be accepted. The National Care Record Service (NCRS) The National Care Record Service (NCRS) is the way in which health professionals now access the Summary Care Record (SCR). The SCR has not changed, it is just the way SCRs are accessed that has changed. For more information about NCRS please see: National Care Records Service Information for patients who wish to opt out of having a summary care record, including an opt out form is available here: Opting out Patient Information Only Rules of the Practice General Information Out Of Area Recently there has been much publicity about the new legislation where patients can register with any GP of their choice. At the moment NHS England have not fully implemented all the support services for this and therefore Maldon Road Surgery are following BMA advice whereby we can not accept patients who do not live within our boundary which is advertised in the Surgery. Practices have a professional responsibility to ensure patients have access to home visits if they are too ill to travel to the Surgery and District Nurse services where clinically appropriate and until NHS England assure us that patients are able to access these services regardless of where they live we can not accept out of area patients. People of No Fixed Abode If you are homeless or of no fixed abode but reside within the practice boundary, then you can still register with us. Further information and guidance from NHS UK Organ Donation From 2020, adults in England will be considered potential donors unless they choose to opt out or are excluded. For more information please visit the Organ Donation NHS UK where you can also register your decision. Further Help about how to Register with a GP How to access NHS services in England if you are visiting from abroad Immediately Necessary Treatment Temporary Services Maldon Road Surgery 35 Maldon Road Wallington Surrey SM6 8BL Get Directions 020 8647 4622 Opening Hours Monday 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Tuesday 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Wednesday 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Thursday 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Friday 8:00 am – 6:30 pm Saturday Closed Sunday Closed Rated Good Accessibility Cookie Policy Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Policy Designed by GenPra—Websites for GP Practices. Admin dashboard