Skip to content Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Services Health Information About Us Contact HomeServicesRegister with this Practice Register with this Practice To register with the surgery fill out an online registration form or download and complete the forms visit reception during surgery hours and collect a paper registration form all new patients will be asked to provide proof of address dated within the last 3 months and this can be uploaded when the form please be advised that this registration process can take up to 2 weeks to fully process. If you are prescribed regular medication you should ensure you have a sufficient supply from your previous practice. When registering children When registering children under 16 years of age these must be registered at the same address as at least one person with parental responsibility or legal guardianship. As well as proof of address registrations for children will also need to upload a copy of the child’s birth certificate. Catchment area We are happy to accept new patients who are ordinarily resident in the UK and living within our practice boundary. See if you live within our practice boundary by using the interactive map and postcode checker. Not in our catchment area? Find a GP in your area View our Practice Charter New patient health check Named accountable GP Find your NHS number Register online Step 1: Complete online registration form The online registration form collects your details, a brief outline of your medical history and a record your preferences. This information may be added to your record and will allow us to begin to provide you with medical services. Please complete one form for each family member. New Patient Registration Form Step 2: Upload scans of photo identity and proof of address Please deliver to the practice copies of two forms of your identity. One form of identity must contain a photo of yourself and the other must provide evidence of your current address. You may upload your forms online. Upload proof of identity Register with a paper form Would you rather register with a paper form? Download, print, complete and deliver to the practice in person. Register with a GP Surgery (PRF1 form) DOWNLOAD We may require proof of your ID and address to provide certain services. You and Your General Practice is a national guide on what you can expect from your GP surgery. It also explains what you can do to get the best from the NHS. If you leave the UK for more than 3 months The National Care Record Service (NCRS) Homeless people Organ Donation Immediately necessary treatment Register as a temporary resident Wallington Family Practice Jubilee Health Centre Shotfield Wallington SM6 0HY Get Directions 020 8669 6186 Rated Good Accessibility Cookie Policy Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Policy Designed by GenPra—Websites for GP Practices. Admin dashboard