Skip to content Search this website Search <1minute Current Longest Wait Powered by Home Register Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomeAbout Our SurgeryRegister With Us Register With Us Quote / Testimonial: We welcome new patients who live within our practice area. If you move out of the practice area you may need to register with another practice. All new patients are invited to make an appointment to have a health check with our practice nurse. Register With Us To register with us, please check you live within our catchment area; you can do this using the map below. Once you have ensured you live within our boundary, please complete the online ‘NHS New Patient Registration’ form below. This method of registration will speed the process at Reception (you can upload your proof of ID at the end of the form). Online NHS New Patient Registration Alternatively you can register at the practice by visiting reception and completing a Registration From and Practice Health Questionnaire. Please allow 2 working days for your registration to be processed. Registration of Children Practice Area If you would like to check whether you are resident within our Practice area and so eligible to register with us a Practice then please enter your postcode below. Catchment Area Temporary Patient Registrations Safe Surgeries Overseas Visitors Find Your NHS Number Non-English Speakers About Our Surgery You and your general practice E4 Network Services Update your Contact Details Patient Participation Group Vacancies Register With Us Accessing someone else’s information Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Chingford Medical Practice 109 York Road, Chingford, E4 8LF Get Directions 020 8524 0900 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Chingford Medical Practice CQC overall rating Good 14 December 2023 See the report English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Chingford Medical Practice 2026 blue hammer