Skip to content Cricklewood General Practice 7 Oaklands Road, Cricklewood, London, NW2 6DJ Search this website Search Online Services Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact English▼ HomePatient InformationNew Patients New Patients Quote / Testimonial: We have an open list and welcome requests for registration from patients no matter their location. If you work in Cricklewood but live elsewhere and will find it easier to see a doctor during our opening hours you are welcome to register as a patient, however, we are only able to perform home visits for those patients inside of our practice area. Register With Us To register with us, please check you live within our catchment area; you can do this using the map below. Once you have ensured you live within our boundary, please complete the online ‘New Patient Registration’ form. Online New Patient Registration Form Registration forms are also available from Reception at the Practice; you can visit us to collect one, or call us and we will provide you with one. If you are coming to the practice, to save time you can download a registration form. In addition, please can you complete our practice registration questionnaire. About the registration forms: We accept these forms via email but only if proof of identification is also attached. We will also accept if the completed form is handed to us in person with proof of identification. If you enter an email address, we will assume implied consent to pass it on to our patient participation group. If you do not want us to pass your details on, please let us know. Practice Area If you would like to check whether you are resident within our Practice area and so eligible to register with us a Practice then please enter your postcode below. Catchment Area Temporary Patient Registrations Overseas Visitors Find Your NHS Number Non-English Speakers Patient Information Patient Participation Group New Patients Practice Policies North Central London Integrated Care System Friends & Family Test Updating your details Accessing someone else’s information Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Cricklewood General Practice 7 Oaklands Road, Cricklewood, London, NW2 6DJ Get Directions 0203 826 8084 cricklewood.healthcentre@nhs.net We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 7:00 pm; Mo,Tu 8:00 am to 8:00 pm CQC regulates Penceat Medical Ltd to provide care at Cricklewood General Practice We haven't inspected this service yet We checked this service was likely to be safe, effective, caring, responsive and well-led during registration. See registration details English▼ Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Cricklewood General Practice 2026