Skip to content The Junction Health Centre Home GP services Appointments Prescriptions Minor Illness Help Register with us Practice Information Self-referrals and signposting Online services Flu vaccine National cancer screening Disability support Patient Participation Group (PPG) News Reviews Contact us Meet The Team Feedback Home Register with us Register with us We always welcome new patients to register with The Junction Health Centre. Register with our practice We always welcome new patients to register with The Junction Health Centre. To be eligible to join the practice you must live within our SW11 catchment area. Registrations submitted from outside of the SW11 postal code area will not be processed. Register with a GP surgery: The Junction Health Centre, London It takes around 15 minutes to complete a registration and we aim to register you within 5 working days of receiving your details. You do not need your NHS number, but it could make registration easier. You need to complete the process in one session Use this service to register with a GP surgery for the first time or to change your current GP surgery. Click the ‘Register with The Junction Health Centre’ link below to complete the online registration form. Register with The Junction Health Centre Once the first part of your registration is processed you will receive an SMS or call asking you to attend a new patient health check with our healthcare assistant – this is to ensure we have as much information about your health as possible. Please bring a proof of ID and proof of address to this appointment. If you need to see a clinician (GP/nurse) you must book a separate appointment. Once you have registered with our practice, you will have the opportunity to register for online services which gives you easy access to your online patient data all in one place. It couldn’t be simpler. NHS login Log in to the NHS app for a range of healthcare services. NHS login Support services Access patient services and support – get accessible help when and where you need it. Support services Get help Access our online service and get help with common conditions. eConsult help Sitemap Home GP services Register with us Practice information Careers News Feedback Accessibility Contact Translate Select Language​▼ Search Opening hours 8am to 8pm, Monday to Saturday. For patients registered with the GP practice. Contact us The Junction Health Centre Arches 5-8, Clapham Junction Station 5-8 Grant Road London SW11 2NU Telephone: 0207 738 1002 / 0300 130 3333 2024 © Practice Plus Group Primary Care Limited is a private limited company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 11078321 whose registered office is at Practice Plus IUC, Building 1330, Arlington Business Park, Theale, Reading RG7 4SA. Privacy & cookies Customise settings Operational Privacy Notices How we handle your data National Data Opt-Out Summary Care Records Data Provision Notice How to make a complaint DSPT Certificate