Accept all We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Accept all Reject all Manage settings CQC Rating: Good About Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions News & Events Contact Us HOME NEW PATIENT REGISTRATION New Patient Registration Patients who wish to register with Denmark Road Surgery will be asked to show some form of identification such as a utility bill, or proof of residency in the UK. You will also be asked to complete a Health Questionnaire. If you are suffering from a long-term illness such as diabetes or a heart condition, you will be asked to make a new patient appointment with our Practice Nurse. NHS - Register with a GP surgery Named GP Since April 2015 all NHS GP Practices have been required to allocate a Named Accountable GP for every patient, including children; if you wish to know who is your named accountable GP then please ask one of our staff at the Reception desk. New patients joining the Practice will be informed about their Named Accountable GP when they register with us. Please note that you may choose to see any other doctor in the Practice, not just your Named Accountable GP. Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration The NHS App Denmark Road Surgery would like to invite you to use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. FIND OUT MORE AND DOWNLOAD THE APP Providing NHS Services Denmark Road Surgery Woodside Health Centre 3 Enmore Road South Norwood London SE25 5NT Telephone: 020 8654 8760 PRACTICE INFO About Us GP Net Earnings Meet The Team Jobs Patient Group Practice Policies LEGAL Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Make a Complaint QUICK LINKS Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Services Opening Times The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Good © 2026 Tree View Designs Ltd. All rights reserved. YES NO