Register with our practice « Upton Lane Medical Centre Cookies on this website This website would like to use analytics cookies. These send information about how our site is used to a service called Google Analytics. We use this information to improve our site. Let us know if this is OK. We'll also use a cookie to save your choice. You can read more about how Google uses cookies . Accept Decline Upton Lane Medical Centre Upton Lane Medical Centre North East London ICB 0208 471 6912 Opening Times Search the Upton Lane Medical Centre website Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Clinics & Services Register with our Practice Practice Team Contact Browse More Home Register with our practice Back to Home Register with our practice You are welcome to register with our practice if you live within the practice area. Applications for registering are dealt between Monday to Friday during our opening hours and registration appointments are booked with Practice Nurse or with the Health Care Assistant . Please ensure that you are present at the reception at least 10 minutes before your appointment. Prospective patients should provide photo identification and proof of address (i.e. passport, full UK driver’s licence, bank statement, utility bill). If you arrive late for your appointment you may be asked to rebook. Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. Please contact reception for further information. Register Online Catchment Area (Practice Boundary) Named GP The ‘Named’ GP will: Take lead responsibility for ensuring that all appropriate services required under the contract with the practice are delivered to you. Where required, based on the professional judgement of the ‘named’ GP, work with relevant associated health and social care professionals to deliver a multidisciplinary care package that meets your needs. Ensure that your physical and psychological needs are recognised and responded to by the relevant clinicians in the practice Ensure that patients over 75 years of age have access to a health check if requested, which is already a requirement of the GP contract regulations. The Practice will ensure that there is a named accountable GP assigned to each patient. New patients will be allocated a GP at the time of registration. Your named accountable GP will be the same as your usual GP however, this does not affect your ability to see any GP of your choice as you currently do. This does not prevent you from seeing any GP in the practice, as you may currently choose to do so. Neither does it guarantee you will see your named GP every time you visit the surgery or give you priority access over other patients to your named GP. Accessing to Health Records and Proxy Access If you wish to view your medical records online, book an appointment online or order medication, you will need to obtain a password to use the online service. Please speak to a member of staff at reception to obtain login details for online access, for children between the ages of 11-15 years will need to be reviewed by a GP for their competence before online access is provided to them or the parents/guardians acting on their behalf. Please register on one of the online services below: The NHS App – simple and secure access to a range of healthcare services The NHS wants to give people better ways to see their personal health information online. We know that people want to be able to access their health records. It can help you see test results faster. It also lets you read and review notes from your appointments in your own time. We’re now letting you see all the information within your health record automatically. If you are over 16 and have an online account, such as through the NHS App , NHS website , or another online primary care service, you will now be able to see all future notes and health records from your GP practice. Some people can already access this feature, this won’t change for you. This means that you will be able to see notes from your appointments, as well as test results and any letters that are saved on your records. This only applies to records from your GP practice, not from hospitals or other specialists. You will only be able to see information from 1st November 2022. For most people, access will be automatic, and you won’t need to do anything. Your GP practice may talk to you to discuss test results before you are able to see some of your information on the app. Your GP practice may also talk to you before your full records access is given to make sure that having access is of benefit to you. There might be some sensitive information on your record, so you should talk to your doctor if you have any concerns. These changes only apply to people with online accounts. If you do not want an online account, you can still access your health records by requesting this information through reception. The changes also only apply to personal information about you. If you are a Carer and would like to see information about someone you care for, speak to reception staff. The NHS App, website and other online services are all very secure, so no one is able to access your information except you. You’ll need to make sure you protect your login details. Don’t share your password with anyone as they will then have access to your personal information. If you do not want to see your health record, or if you would like more information about these changes, please speak to your GP or reception staff. Additional Information About Upton Lane Surgery Alzheimer’s Society Carers Direct Cervical Screening Exercise with us! Non-NHS Services Patient Participation Group Practice Policies Self Care Summary Care Record Travel Vaccinations Accessibility Support links You and Your General Practice Accessibility statement Contact us Cookies Privacy policy Data Processing Admin Login © SurgeryWeb | All Rights Reserved Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility