New Patient Registration We use cookies to make this site work. We'd also like to set optional cookies so we can understand how the site is used and improve it. We will not set optional cookies unless you accept them. You can change your choice at any time from the Cookie settings link in the footer. Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are required for the site to work. They store your cookie preferences and keep your session secure. They are exempt from consent under PECR Regulation 6(4) because they are essential to deliver the service you have requested. Optional cookies Optional cookies help us understand how the site is used and provide additional features such as analytics, accessibility tools and translation. We will only set them if you accept. --> Shrewsbury Road Surgery --> Translate Translate Facebook Twitter Instagram --> Home New Patient Registration New Patient Registration Our patient registration policy does not discriminate on the grounds of race, gender, social class, age, religion, sexual orientation or appearance, disability or medical condition. Safe Surgeries We are proud to be a ‘Safe Surgery’ for everyone in our community. Everyone in the UK has the right to free care from a GP. If you don’t have proof of ID or address, you can still register. Immigration status or nationality don’t matter - reception won’t ask for immigration documents and won’t share your information with the Home Office unless serious crime is involved. In partnership with Doctors of the World UK , we will ensure that our practice offers a welcoming space for everyone who seeks to use our services. If you wish to register, please speak to a member of staff who can help and support you with the process of registration. Ask reception for an interpreter if you find it difficult to communicate in English. How to Register Check you live within the boundary area Enter your post code to check you live within the practice boundary area Complete a New Patient Registration Form If you live within the boundary area, please complete our new patient registration When filling in the registration form it is important that the form is fully completed to comply with the Primary Care Support England requirements: Previous surname (if any) Town and country of birth Home address with postcode Telephone number Previous address Name and address of previous GP If appropriate, date of arrival in the UK When you register, it's helpful to have your NHS number. You can use the NHS website to find your NHS number . Register at our GP Practice Once the application for new patient registration is submitted, it takes approximately 2 working days to get registered. We will notify you once you are registered on our system. All new patients registering with the practice are invited to have a new patient health check to identify specific health needs. Need help? If you get stuck or are unable to complete the online form please contact the surgery. Contact us Temporary Services If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a Doctor but need to see one, you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP Practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local Practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that Practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a Practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Further Information on Temporary Registration Your Named GP All Patients registered with the surgery will have been allocated a named accountable GP who will be responsible for your overall care. However, you can book appointments with any of the GPs at the surgery. If you have a preference to which GP you are allocated, the practice will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your requests. If you wish to know which GP has been allocated to you, please ask reception at your next visit. Use The NHS App Owned and run by the NHS, the NHS App is a simple and secure way to access a range of NHS services on your smartphone or tablet. Find out more and download the app Visit the NHS website to learn more Providing NHS Services Contact Shrewsbury Road Surgery Shrewsbury Road Forest Gate London E7 8QP Telephone: 0300 033 7700 The Practice Opening Hours GP Net Earnings Meet the Team Jobs Patient Participation Group Practice Policies Friends & Family Test You and Your General Practice Quick Links Contact Us New Patients Appointments Prescriptions Get Test Results Request a Sick Note Change Your Contact Details The Care Quality Commission Inspected and rated Outstanding --> Good Requires improvement --> Inadequate --> © Website by Tree View Designs, NHS GP website specialists. Terms of Use Website Privacy Accessibility Cookies Copyright Facebook Twitter Instagram