How To Register - Boleyn Medical Centre Skip to content NHS Logo Boleyn Medical Centre 152 Barking Road, East Ham, London, E6 3BD | Tel: 020 8475 8500 Menu Search Search this website Search Close Search Online Services Menu Close Menu Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact Home About Our Surgery How To Register Back to About Our Surgery How To Register We register patients using the online registration process, this is open to all residents in our catchment area. Catchment Area It is free to register with us, you do not have to provide photo ID or proof of address, and you do not need to prove your immigration status. Furthermore, if you do not have a permanent address (i.e. a rough sleeper), you can give a temporary address such as a friend’s address or a day centre address. We follow the Safe Surgery Principals . All are welcome, your nationality or immigration status do not affect your right to register here: To register with us please: Visit Register with a GP surgery – NHS , enter your postcode and choose the Boleyn Medical Centre from the selection. You will be asked to fill in a form and submit your personal information so we can register you. If we do not appear on the list, then you do not live within our catchment area you will be unable to register with us. Attend the surgery and complete a registration form, it is advised that you call ahead to check that you reside within our catchment area. We aim to register patients within 2 working days. You may receive text messages advising any necessary appointments that you need or offering you free screening services if you are eligible. If you do not know your NHS number , you can still register with us, but you can also follow the link to try to find out: https://www.nhs.uk/nhs-services/online-services/find-nhs-number/ Your registration will be processed within 2 working days and you may be invited to attend a New Patient Health Check, the invitation is usually received via text. Patient Poster_ documents You can still talk to or make appointments to see any of our clinicians. You do not have to see your named GP. We recommend that new patients with long term conditions or taking medications are seen by a health care professional for a review, so please bring all your medications to your appointment with you. For more information about registering at GP and services available to you please visit the Doctors of the World website which has translated patient information as well; https://www.doctorsoftheworld.org.uk/translated-health-information/ About Our Surgery Patient Survey and Results Patient Participation DNA Audits The Practice Information Leaflet Useful Telephone Numbers Useful Information and Website Links Updating your Details How To Register Carers Accessing someone else’s information Friends & Family Test Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Thank you for your feedback. Boleyn Medical Centre 152 Barking Road, East Ham, London, E6 3BD Get Directions 020 8475 8500 Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Accessibility --> Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, Boleyn Medical Centre 2026