Register Now - Royal Docks Medical Practice Cookies on the Royal Docks Medical Practice website We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work. We would also like to use google translate cookies and analytical cookies to understand how our site is used and improve user experience. Analytical cookies send information to Google Analytics. Let us know your preference. We will use a cookie to save your choice. Before you make your choice you can read more about our cookie policy . I'm OK with cookies Do not use cookies You can change your cookie settings at any time using our cookie policy . Royal Docks Medical Practice 21 East Ham Manor Way, London E6 5NA 020 7511 4466 NELondonICB.RoyalDocksPractice@nhs.net Language Search Search Home Appointments Prescriptions Register Now Opening Hours Meet the Team Contact Us Docklands Primary Care Network - Weekend Appointments Moving out of Newham? News Online Services Patient Record Health Advice Zero Tolerance Policy ICS’ Privacy Notice Browse More Home Register Now Back to Home Register Now Register as a New Patient If you live within our practice area you can register at our Practice (see map below). Please contact reception to confirm your address is in our catchment area. The quickest way to register with us is by following the instructions below, If you do not have access to the internet, please ask reception for a paper registration form. Online Registration If you wish to pre-register click the link below to open the Online Registration form. When you have completed all of the details, click on the "Submit" button to mail your form to us. When you visit the surgery for the first time you will be asked to sign the form to confirm that the details are correct. Acceptable Forms of identification: photo ID e.g. Full driving licence, passport (or birth certificate) and the other must show your name and address this must be a utility bill e.g. gas, electric, water, council tax, bank statement, any government agency letter or landline telephone bill. No more than three months old that will prove you live inside the practice boundary. Tenancy agreements and mobile phone bills are not acceptable. For children we require a full birth certificate with the Parent(s) name(s) included and for any children aged 7 years or younger a copy of their Immunisation records (red book if given in the UK). Medical treatment is available from the date of registration. If you would like to consult with a GP or Nurse please follow the link below and complete an online form: https://florey.accurx.com/p/F84717 Note: Registrations take 7 working days to complete. To help with the process please ensure that you provide your NHS number. You will receive a text message to advise you that your registration is complete. If you wish to download a paper version of the Patient registration form, please click the link - PATIENT REGISTRATION FORM (PRF1) Please ensure you complete all sections of the PRF1 form, as well as providing proof of address and photo ID by presenting in person at the surgery reception desk. If you are unable to do this please contact the surgery and speak to our reception for advice. New Patient Registration Form University of East London (UEL) Students If you are a student at UEL you can register at this practice if you are living within Newham. You must provide photo ID by presenting your Student ID card. You can complete the online registration forms. You would need to come to the Practice or telephone to book a 10 minute appointment with one of our Practice Nurses for a New Patient Registration Health Check. Your student ID card will be checked at this time. Online Registration Form Online Medical Questionnaire for New Patients Practice Boundary Postcode Search Postcode Your address is within the catchment area. Your address is outside of the catchment area. Address not found. Skip map New Patient Health Check All new patients over the age of 5 years are required to have a new patient medical carried out by one of our Practice Nurses. This is very helpful in giving us sufficient information about each new patient. Children under the age of 8 weeks will be invited for Child Health Surveillance, please bring their health records book to their first consultation. The rights of patients are adhered to. Female and male doctors have pre-booked appointments and where possible will be given an appointment with the doctor of your choice. It is the patients responsibility to cancel any unwanted appointments. Temporary Patient Registrations If you are ill while away from home or if you are not registered with a doctor but need to see one you can receive emergency treatment from the local GP practice for 14 days. After 14 days you will need to register as a temporary or permanent patient. You can be registered as a temporary patient for up to three months. This will allow you to be on the local practice list and still remain a patient of your permanent GP. After three months you will have to re-register as a temporary patient or permanently register with that practice. To register as a temporary patient simply contact the local practice you wish to use. Practices do not have to accept you as a temporary patient although they do have an obligation to offer emergency treatment. You cannot register as a temporary patient at a practice in the town or area where you are already registered. Registering in this country for the first time ? If YES, then as well as proof of residence within the boundaries shown on map we will need the following: confirmation of your Name and Date of Birth e.g. by showing us your driving license or passport. if you wish to received free NHS treatment, you will need to prove that you are "Ordinarily Resident" in the UK (see note below) Such proof may be in the form of letters from a university or college, a contract of employment or some alternative proof of UK residence. NOTE : you are deemed to be " Ordinarily Resident " if you have been living in the UK for more than 12 months or are living here for the purposes of work or study with the intention to stay for at least 6 months. All refugees and asylum seekers and those granted Humanitarian protection or discretionary leave to remain in the UK are deemed to be " Ordinarily Resident " and are fully entitled to free access to all NHS prevision. Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: English Farsi Urdu Albanian Bengali Hindi Arabic Croatian Lithuanian Bulgarian Punjabi Polish Chinese (Cantonese) Somali Portuguese Chinese (Mandarin) Gujerati Spanish Russian Turkish French Page last reviewed: 03 February 2026 Page created: 18 May 2021 Support links Annual Statement You and Your General Practice Carers Advice GP Earnings Sharps at Home Practice Policies Suggestions & Complaints Forms for Services Accessibility Cookie policy Your data Site map Add Footer Link Sign in 2026 Built by My Surgery Website Translate this website with google