New Patients - The Azad Practice Skip to content NHS Logo The Azad Practice 1st Floor Boleyn Centre, 152 Barking Road, London, E6 3BD Menu Search Search this website Search Close Search Online Services Menu Close Menu Home Appointments Prescriptions Our Practice Health Information News Contact Home About Our Surgery New Patients Back to About Our Surgery New Patients Quote / Testimonial: The doctors welcome new patients who live within our practice area. If you move out of the practice area you may need to register with another practice. All new patients are invited to make an appointment to have a health check with our practice nurse. About New Patient Health Checks: All new patients are offered a health check with a member of the healthcare team to ensure that any required tests are up to date and that we have an accurate note of any repeat medication you may be taking. During busy periods, like flu season, there can be a delay of up to 4 weeks for a registration health check appointment. We try our best to accommodate times which are suitable to you. Sometimes when the surgery is exceptionally busy and is unable to meet demands we may have to ask your to come in at particular time but we will be flexible to your needs too. If you cannot wait, please contact NHS111 for details of another GP practice. Register With Us To register with us, please check you live within our catchment area; you can do this using the map below. Once you have ensured you live within our practice boundary, please email a request stating your address to nelondonicb.theazadpractice@nhs.net . If you can provide photo ID and proof of address to speed up the process and correctly match your details please email these with any account details crossed out. We will then send you an auto registration link which automatically registers you within 2 days. If there is a problem we will try to process your details manually or contact you. Registration forms are also available from Reception at the Practice, or can be downloaded here and emailed or delivered to the practice once completed. You can also register to the practice online via the link below. Register for this GP Online We will not refuse registration on the grounds of: – race – gender – social class – age – religion – sexual orientation – appearance – disability or medical condition Practice Area If you would like to check whether you are resident within our Practice area and so eligible to register with us a Practice then please enter your postcode below. Catchment Area Temporary Patient Registrations You can register temporarily with a GP surgery while away from home for work, study or on holiday. You’ll remain registered with your permanent GP surgery. Registering with a GP as a temporary resident – NHS – NHS (www.nhs.uk) Details of any treatment you have will be passed to your permanent GP surgery. They will add the information to your medical records. Download the Temporary Patient Registration Form Overseas Visitors Those who visit the UK from overseas must pay for their care when they are in England. In 2015 changes were made to how the NHS charges overseas visitors for healthcare so the NHS does not lose out on income for the services these patients have received. Further information for overseas visitors Find Your NHS Number Sometimes when filling in online forms or speaking with our staff, you may be asked for your NHS number. This online tool will help you find your number if you do not know it. Start Now Please Note You do not need to know your NHS number to use NHS services, but it can be useful to have it. Other ways to get your NHS number If you cannot get your NHS number online you can: find it on any letter from the NHS like a prescription or appointment letter call your GP surgery and ask them for your number Non-English Speakers These fact sheets have been written to explain the role of UK health services, the National Health Service (NHS), to newly-arrived individuals seeking asylum. They cover issues such as the role of GPs, their function as gatekeepers to the health services, how to register and how to access emergency services. Special care has been taken to ensure that information is given in clear language, and the content and style has been tested with user groups. Open the leaflets in one of the following languages: English Urdu Albanian Hindi Arabic Lithuanian Bulgarian Polish Chinese (Cantonese) Portuguese Chinese (Mandarin) Spanish Russian French Turkish Punjabi Gujerati Somali Croatian Bengali About Our Surgery Friends & Family Test Text Message Reminders Patient Participation Group Change of Details New Patients Central 1 Primary Care Network Accessing someone else’s information Meet the Team Help us improve our website content. How helpful did you find this page? Thank you for your feedback. The Azad Practice 1st Floor, Boleyn Centre, 152 Barking Road, London, E6 3BD Get Directions 020 8475 8550 nelondonicb.theazadpractice@nhs.net Mo,Tu,We,Th,Fr 8:00 am to 6:30 pm Accessibility --> Accessibility Practice365 Privacy Policy Staff Login GP Website Design by iatro. © Copyright, The Azad Practice 2026